"x"
"1" "
As an avid reader, I am often disappointed by what is represented by
the silver screen. I initially get excited to see one of my favorite
series on the big screen, and eventually walk away disgusted. For
whatever reason, most shows and movies that are based on epic book
series absolutely butcher the original content. So when I saw the preview for \"Game of Thrones\" on HBO, I was
immediately skeptical. Oh, I was going to watch it, but I didn't have
high expectations. I did hold a little hope because HBO is known for
their high quality shows. I was absolutely shocked to watch the Pilot and realize that it
followed the book almost to perfection. The language that is used by
the actors is very similar to the way that it was written in the book,
and events were not skipped. It stayed very true to the story without
adding to it or removing from it. The acting is superb and I actually felt like I was looking into
Winterfell for the first time. I feel like I've actually got faces to
add to the characters that I've been reading about for a long time. If you have not read the books, you may feel as though the blatant
sexuality is an addition from HBO to add some spice to the series. This
is not the case at all. The books contained all of the sexuality that
is shown in the Pilot. I am very proud of HBO for producing an
amazingly accurate product. I will be watching every week for sure. If you enjoyed what you saw in the Pilot, know that there are many
other plot twists and action filled evenings to come. \"Game of Thrones\"
has a ton of potential to be one of the greatest series that has ever
been produced. I would highly recommend it to fans of the series and
newcomers alike.UPDATE:I have now watched 3 Episodes and I wanted to come back and report some
more. Even after 3 Episodes, the series is staying true to the written
story. Overall the acting is still very good. I hate to watch a show
that makes it look like the actors are reading a script. I don't get
this impression with this HBO adaptation. Each episode of this series leaves me itching for the next weekend. I
really hate watching shows in real time because I enjoy absorbing
several hours of a show at one time. But, a good show will keep you
looking forward to it the whole week. A special note to viewers that have not read the books... Keep
watching! This series has numerous twists and turns and full of epic
battles and action. It may seem like it's taking a little while to
develop, but the reward is well worth the wait. Even after 3 episodes, I would still highly recommend this to anyone.
"
"2" "
Do not believe any of those negative reviews. I honestly cannot
understand why some reviewers have given this such a low rating. I
think some people love the sound of their own voice and think their
opinion is worth something and will be disagreeable simply for the sake
of it.Having said that, this show is stunning. I have never read the books
and now I want to. There is so much crap on TV that is renewed year
after year (CSI, House etc.) which uses cheap gags, pointless and
sometimes ridiculous plots, unbelievable and many times one dimensional
characters and yet all the truly great shows get cancelled.There is enough brain-dead television. But once in a while a show comes
along that transports you to another world and makes you believe in the
magic of television again. Game of Thrones is one such show.It is complex, multi-layered, surreal, vibrant, imaginative and it
draws your eye in to the surprising level of detail, from the sweeping
vistas, to the narrow dungeons, from the beautiful castles and
magnificent trees, to the contrasting landscapes. It is worth watching
just for the scenery alone.Yes the acting seems a little cold and even wooden at times, but this
is perfectly in keeping with the medieval look and feel of the show.
Yes it is dark and gloomy, but again in keeping with the narrative.The scripting is intelligent and well delivered by competent acting,
led by Sean Bean perfectly cast as Lord Edard. Although Sean Bean is
better known for brooding bad guys, he strikes the perfect balance
between father, husband and Lord and soldier. He is well supported by
other well known actors and many new to the scene.After watching and sometimes enjoying Camelot, this show makes that one
look more like \"Merlin\" by comparison. And where Camelot lacks in depth
and scripting, Game of Thrones strikes the perfect balance between
brooding medieval angst and wonderful fantasy story telling.Even if you have never watched a fantasy show before, you should not
miss this.
"
"3" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"4" "
Readers who come to this review later in the series must note that, at
the time of this writing, I have only seen the inaugural episode. It's probably safe to say, when dealing with a series of novels as
beloved as The Song of Ice and Fire, the most scrutinized aspect of the
T.V. adaptation will be how well it holds to the source material. I am
here to confirm, as a fierce devotee to the books, that we have nothing
to fear.While certain scenes play out differently in execution, the plot
remains perfectly intact (so far). The characters have been
transplanted well from page to screen, and the actors (most notably
Peter Dinklage) nailed their personalities quite well. However; it is
only fair to point out some of the acting seemed a little wooden at
times.Special effects were well done, though nothing mind-blowing, but the
scenery and props perfectly captured the feel of the novels (in my mind
at least). It also must be noted that there was just the right amount
of nudity, violence and vulgarity to let the audience know they were
watching a tale woven for mature viewers without using said nudity,
violence and vulgarity as a crutch.All and all, I am very, very pleased with this adaptation, and I went
into it expecting to be disappointed. If I were to gripe about
anything, it would be that newcomers who have not read the books might
not know what to think of this fantasy story for adults. Some may shrug
it off as fodder for geeks, while others might take offence to what
they may see as a defiling of a genre usually meant for children.UPDATEAfter watching the entire first season, I can safely say this is
perhaps the BEST adaptation of book into film/TV. While many moments in
the show do not match the moments in the book action for action and
word for word, the plot is never sacrificed when doing this, and the
alterations simply make the story a better fit for a one-hour
television time slot.In addition, new scenes (by which I mean scenes which never happened in
the book at all) fit seamlessly into the greater plot, and help the
audience with information they would only otherwise get via the
narrative of the novel (EG: asides which explain character/world
history).Top form, HBO. Top form.
"
"5" "
Seeing a review comparing this brilliant title to Lord of the Rings
made me make an account here and post my very first review. I had very high expectations from this series and I believed that it
will (like most TV series) absolutely ruin the book. And I couldn't
have been more wrong! Where do I start...The cast is great, though not amazing with one exception - Sean Bean is
perfect for the role of cold master of the North, Eddard Stark. The
setting, the atmosphere is perfect and not boring at all! Some scenes
are just amazing and are exactly as written in the book - for example
the scene where they find the wolves, the nature and the dialogs are
just as they should be. Now to get to the part most people are
interested in: What is this? What can I expect of the series?THIS IS NOT LORD OF THE RINGS. Now that I got that out, I can continue.
The very idea behind the series is a lot different. It's based around
great families on different sides of the world, the stories their
members have to tell and the secrets they hide. And there are many
secrets, You will have a chance to witness small portion of them in the
first episode. If you cannot follow the story just yet, don't worry!
It's meant to be like that, you will eventually get to know all the
characters and get involved in the story so much you will BEG for next
episode just to see what happens.What to expect? Plots, love, action, war, hatred, quite a few surprises
and much much more... All that after the first episode. I really hope
they will not ruin it as the series progress. Conclusion: Do not miss this! Yes YOU complaining that the book is
better. And everyone else.
"
"6" "
Love, betrayal, greed, murder, corruption<U+0085> All collides in mythical
world of Westeros. George R. R. Martin's world is unlike any other
fantasy world you have ever seen. The main conflict lies between two
families: House of Stark and House of Lannister, but there are many
more stores to be told<U+0085>Eddard Stark (Sean Bean) is the main character of the series, and the
story is mostly about him. Since HBO has staked a lot of money into
this series, there will be a lot of colorful characters, just like it
the books. The art dept. has done a magnificent job by creating a whole new world
from scratch. Costumes, armors, landscape, photography<U+0085> All has been
done in well-known HBO way. Travel along side your heroes, from the cold North, and The Wall with
Jon Snow, across the desert-city on the South, with Ned Stark, and join
Daenerys and her riders on a mission to retrieve the Iron Throne.Let the Game of Thrones begin!
"
"7" "
First of all, I am a huge fan of the books, and I find it exhilarating
to see a show that is so close to what I made in my mind while reading
it.I see some of the reviews are complaining about the sex and violence,
to me that is like going to a restaurant, order a steak and complain
about getting meat..They keep true to the epically written book, and they depict the
characters in an excellent way.With a few exceptions I would say they have made what will be an epic
show here, and I would really hope that they continue for all the
books.
"
"8" "
This show is superb! While I may be bias as the book series is my
favourite book series of all, I still think the show itself is
fantastic! It sticks loyally to the books and doesn't \"dumb things
down\" for a wider audience. If you are worried you won't gain the same
experience by watching the show before you read the books, fear not -
It's the same experience, with a different medium!Although, I guarantee, soon you will be so pulled into the world of
Westeros you will run out and buy the books just to find out what
happens next!Sit back and enjoy, my friends - Winter is Coming!
"
"9" "
This TV series is magnificent! I read a book and I must say that A Game
Of Thrones is one of the best books I've read. So when I first heard
that HBO will do a series on the this book I was thrilled but I was
afraid that they will not be done exactly by the book. But I must say
that I was wrong and that the series is better than I thought it would
be. Much better! While I watched the first episode I had the same excitement as the time
when I first read the book. HBO has done a great job and they fulfill
all my expectations. Sean Bean was born for the role of Eddard Stark.
Costumes, scenes, actors, everything is done as it should be. Actors
are perfect for the role they play in the series. For me the biggest surprise of the series I figure Daenerys Targaryen.
Emilia Clarke actress who plays Daenerys Targaryen is more beautiful
than I imagined it would be and more beautiful than is described in the
book. The Wall is a lot different than I had imagined, but in a good way. The series revolves around Eddard Stark and his family. He has a wife
and five children, three sons and two daughters. Eddard Stark is ruler
of the North and close friend of King Robert who needs his help in
ruling the Seven Kingdoms.The seven kingdoms, united under one ruler, have lived a life of peace
and comfort since King Robert took the throne. But nothing is ever as
it seems. Within the king's court there is murder and treason, with no
one aware of what is really going on. Across the seas, the last
remnants of the previous royal family gather forces to reclaim their
throne. To the north, the unthinkable gathers, the creatures of myth
and legend that have been forgotten.
"
"10" "
Game of Thrones on HBO is a TV adaption of George R.R. Martin's books,
a Song of Ice and Fire. For those fans who know and love the books,
then you can't help but love the TV adaptation. It is difficult to
translate books into movies or TV series, but HBO's GoT made it look
easy. The characters, cast, scenery, costume, etc., all looked
incredible, and gave me the feeling that I was inside the books
themselves. Although not every little detail was translated perfectly,
and nor should they be, the pilot episode was a grand achievement.For all those Nay-Sayers out there: If you don't like the series, then
you probably have never read the books or watched the countless behind
the scenes trailers that helped those who didn't understand the complex
storyline. Yes, this story is complex, its original, its fresh, and it
is very exciting. The story line gets better with each episode. You
also have to keep in mind that this story is an adult story, and as I
said, it is complex. Simply put, HBO didn't dumb the story down, but
rather remained true to the core of this epic fantasy. For those who
have never read the books and found the pilot interesting, trust me it
gets better and better. Stick with it.
"
"11" "
I don't believe there has ever been anything like 'Game of Thrones' on
TV. The sheer amount of quality and talent in this series is
staggering. The actors (and I mean really ALL the actors), the
costumes, the visual effects, the make-up: everybody working on this
show seems to have wanted to make Television-history. And the writing
is just phenomenal.'Game of Thrones' may belong to the 'Fantasy' genre, but the world of
Westeros and its surrounding lands has been so amazingly well thought
through and is inhabited by characters that are so well drawn and
credible that everything you watch feels real. Every \"country\", every
city, tribe or family has such a richly detailed history and even
mythology that it just never feels like it was made up. Of course, that
was all already there in the books <U+0096> but translating that so perfectly
to a TV-show and with such care as was done here really is a rare
achievement.Yet for all its grandeur, scale and breath-taking visuals, what really
makes Martin's outstanding work come to life on the small screen is the
fantastic ensemble of actors. At the core of this show (any show,
really) are the characters. Tyrion, Cersei, Dany, Jamie and John (and
all the <U+0096> many <U+0096> others) don't lose anything of their complexity; the
amazing cast succeeds in showing all their respective characters' inner
conflicts and often questionable motivations and virtually no one comes
across as one-dimensional (except maybe for Joffrey).There have been a couple of great TV-shows over the last years, but
when it comes to scale AND quality, 'Game of Thrones' is <U+0096> at the
moment <U+0096> in a league of its own. A joy to watch: breath-taking, epic <U+0096>
and highly addictive <U+0096> Television. 10 stars out of 10.Lesser-known Masterpieces: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls070242495/Favorite Films: http://www.IMDb.com/list/mkjOKvqlSBs/Favorite Low-Budget and B-movies: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls054808375/Favorite TV-Shows reviewed: http://www.imdb.com/list/ls075552387/
"
"12" "Add another review"
"13" "
Damn you George R.R. Martin! Don't do movies, finish the damn next book
... oh wait ... he did! OK! Than let's look at the series...Well, above statement has a meaning: I read the books! Yeah, big deal,
but when I did I always thought: \"It is not possible to do a movie
about this!\" And I was right! ... but they did a series! And I can't
really believe it, but: It (well, the pilot) is quite good! Never
expected that! Also funny how many people talk about the nudity and/or the gore. Yes
you see some breasts and so on ... so what? This is a fantasy, that is
realistic (if you didn't read the books and don't know, what I mean by
that: Wait and watch the series ... and you will be surprised!) so the
scenes are realistic too! I like that! Adds more to the feeling of the
books!The main problem is, that if you don't know the books you are quite
lost with the characters and what happened to all of them. But I hope
we will get deeper into the minds and backgrounds of those people! The
cast for that is really well done and I hope for they can pass on the
feelings I got when I read the book!Overall: Great start, hoping for Brilliance!
"
"14" "
With an average score of almost 10/10 from almost 1 million users, do I
even need to write a review? Oh well, why not?No TV series or movies can be compared to GoT. In many BS movies/shows you can predict the ending after watching it
for a few minutes (good ones always win and the bad ones seem to be
completely retarded, blind, and incompetent. Well, not anymore!!!The story in GoT is absolutely amazing, filled with interesting and
\"realistic\" plot twists and unexpected events.Acting is great, costumes and scenery as well. Every character is
unique and interesting, and its great watching them develop. Everything
is top quality. If you start watching this, be prepared to get addicted quickly -
you'll just feel a strong urge to watch the next episode, and another,
and another until no more episodes are left. There is a downside to GoT however that needs to be mentioned: as many
have stated, after watching it, you will realize that 99% shows/movies
out there are not up to its standards. A show of this quality is rare
indeed.
"
"15" "
I was reluctant to start watching this, mostly because I am *so* unique
and different (in case you missed the sarcasm in the text, I'm being
facetious). In all seriousness, I don't know why I avoided it for so
long, but I wish I hadn't. This series is awesome.I also didn't realize that it actually delved into items such as
dragons, witchcraft, etc. I really, really like it and I'd recommend
giving a few episodes a shot to see whether or not you like it. Please
don't judge it on the snow scenes. That is the only storyline that I
seriously don't get, and wish was cut out - I feel like those people
have been lost in the snow for forever.
"
"16" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"17" "
I kept being pestered to watch this... two weeks later, I'm completely
hooked and on my second viewing of both series.The best thing about the show is the fact that you ALWAYS want to watch
another episode after one has finished. It's quick paced, and with so
much going on at once, there's never a dull episode. Somehow, you
really start to connect with their world and grow strong emotions for
characters (AHEM JOFFREY I HATE YOU)I also love how you don't know who's going to die next... Purely
exhilarating and I can't wait for more of Season 3 to be released!After reading these reviews, I can't understand how anyone can rate
this less than a 9 - there are very few flaws if any, and it feels like
Game of Thrones fills A HUGE GAP in TV. There's nothing like this show and I'm dreading for the day when we are
given the last episode... Just watch it to believe it.
"
"18" "
When I have free time and look to be entertained, I seldom reach for a
book or engage in the arduous task of reading through an expansive
novel. So for me, whether or not Game of Thrones remains true to its
original roots factors little when it comes to the entertainment value
of a movie or television production.When it comes to cinematic entertainment, I want to be fully engaged in
the story and characters presented on screen. I want to be surprised
and kept on the edge of my seat by clever writing that makes the
unpredictable twists and turns of a story plot actually make sense.
Actors, whose craft is so convincing, that whether you love or hate the
characters they portray, they passionately inspire you to feel
something<U+0085> even if you find yourself shouting at the screen like a
complete buffoon as if watching some sporting event. And, if left
biting my nails at the end of each episode in anticipation for the
following week's program --- I'll gladly pay the extra monthly fee to
HBO just for the privilege! Game of Thrones, in my humble opinion, is all that and more. In regard
to overall quality, I find it even surpasses the majority of expensive
movie productions being released in local theaters. While I'm hardly a
professional critic, history expert or avid reader of fiction novels
--- I AM a happy and passionate fan of this superb HBO series and
simply wish to add my sincerely applause to the cast and crew that made
this HBO production the enormous success that it is. Thank you!
"
"19" "
I never, ever write reviews, but GoT has definitely earned it. Bold,
shocking storytelling at it's finest. It's really no wonder why GoT is
hailed as the most popular, most awarded and most critically acclaimed
show ever. If you're not a fan of the fantasy genre, you might dismiss
Thrones as Hobbit hype or '' fantasy crap' but you'd be wrong. It's in
the HBO tradition of The Wire, The Sopranos, Deadwood and Westworld, a
big-budget tour of a fictional world with its own moral rules, where
rival families battle for control and power. The political intrigue,
mysteries and suspense will suck you in, even if you know nothing about
politics. Every aspect of GoT is near pefection, from the story, to the
actors, to the characters, to character development, acting, plots,
plot-twists, red-herrings, locations, costumes, sets, action sequences,
battles, visuals, cgi, soundtracks, buildup, script, dialogue,
everything is extremely detailed and polished. Adapted from
George.RR.Martin's literary monstrosity, published in 1996, HBO's
adaptation has stayed true to the story's roots (even if it has taken
some major liberties). It addresses thousands of different themes
ranging from the loss of innocence, to war, peace, love, hate, sex,
sexuality, philosophy, vengeance, religion, culture, art, music,
politics, economics, metaphysics, anthropology, justice, law, morality,
spirituality, intolerance, prejudice, civilization, poetry, chaos,
global warming, nihilism, pantheism, the destruction of nature, loss of
humanity, childhood, adventure, magic, fear, illusions, manipulation,
power, death, life, grief, violence, rape, incest, beauty and so.. GoT
is filled with magic and the occult but always in a realistic and
ominous way, never too widespread or too obvious giving it a sense of
realism and mystery that other fantasy stories never have. GoT is also
well known for it's shock factor and brutal unpredictability. Always
expect the unexpected when watching GoT and try not to get too attached
to characters as none are safe (ever). That being said, GoT is without
a doubt one of the greatest shows in the history of television. An
instant cult masterpiece and a perfect example of unity in form and
function. A MUST watch for everyone above 18.
"
"20" "
Before I write a review I like to take a look at the \"Loved It/Hated
It\". I do this before watching some movies/TV shows that I am
uninformed or wary of wasting my time. I have to say I can't even
remotely relate to what the \"Hated It\" folks are rambling on about.
This series is well cast,(and a bit daring I think for casting Peter
Dinklage (the dwarf) in one of the primary roles), he is excellent,
you're not sure at the start of the series if your going to like or
hate him but by the end of season 1, if you're anything like me, he has
become one of your favorites. Lena Headey and Sean Bean are really the
only actors that I was familiar with before watching GoT, but each
character seems perfectly cast to me.I did not watch this on HBO and therefore did not have to wait for
weeks or months for the next installment, and thank goodness, once I
started watching it was almost impossible for me not to go ahead and
watch the next episode because the end of each episode left wanting
more, and isn't that what a really good show should do.I will say this, I was startled by this series in one way, they are not
shy about killing off main characters in this show. I know that this is
based on the series of books, A Song of Ice and Fire, I have not read
them but I understand that they stay very true to the novels, but I
would have found this just as startling for a novel, I won't spoil it
for you by saying which characters but I will say steel yourself they
come fairly often.Because this is HBO there is a fair amount of nudity, sex and some
fairly graphic violence, but I found none of it offensive nor
gratuitous, but if that sort of thing bothers you it is the only reason
I would say not to watch this series. I have watched all of the first 3
seasons and now can't wait till Season 4 begins, I hope you will enjoy
these as much as I have.
"
"21" "
Game of Thrones is the type of show in which you watch the first few
episodes, and you are bored. But if you continue, and watch a whole
season. You will love the show with such an intense passion that only
GOT viewers can love. With it's intense intrigue, mind blowing plot
twists, amazing acting, great makeup, a huge budget. It literally is
the show to impress. Granted it may get a little every once in a while,
but only for like a few minutes. Every minute is gold, and it only has
the fans wishing it had more than 10 episodes per season. A huge GOT
fan myself.. I can testify to the authenticity of this masterpiece. Not
a show for children.
"
"22" "
I just can not believe how good this series is. Excellent actors,
excellent dialogues, unbelievably good story-line, sets, costumes,
atmosphere, camera, cuts, music etc, etc, etc. I am normally not a person who writes reviews for something but i just
watched episode 9 from season 6. I had tears in my eyes, i was
screaming in front of my monitor and i was totally exhausted after
watching this cinematic masterpiece.I could have tried to write a very objective and proffesionall review
about this series but at the end it is a highly emotional experience
watching such perfectly made series like game of thrones.
"
"23" "
This has to be the best series I have ever seen, the sole reason I got
Sky is so that I could watch it.I started a bit later than everyone else but I must've watched series 1
& 2 in the space of 2 weeks in order to watch series 3 when it aired.It is just brilliant, you can't afford to miss anything, all the little
conversations that seem like time killers play a big part on what is
going to happen later on in the series.The acting is top drawer, from all involved, the plot twists & turns, &
the character development is fantastic.It's both beautiful & brutal, you cannot afford to miss it. GET IT
WATCHED!
"
"24" "Add another review"
"25" "
This is the best thing on telly at the moment!!Watched the first episode without knowing anything. Doesn't give
anything away but certainly sets the setting. The whole package is
brilliant. From the opening credits, to the marvellous acting from
young and old characters alike. I must admit I am not too keen on
British films or dramas but a majority of the cast are British but they
do a sterling job.Each episode invites the viewer into this mysterious world where
power,love, magic, deceit,honour and much more all intertwine. What really makes this show are the characters. There are so many
unique characters in their own way - their parts have been played so
convincingly and they essentially make the show.Hate them or love them
you will certainly appreciate quality performances from this cast.Only criticism is Season 3 doesn't quite live upto the other two - and
of you are lucky enough to have not watched them already - watch the
episodes consecutively --you'll be so hooked you wont have the choice.
"
"26" "
I must say that I've watched the complete first season in one day,and i
wish there was more, because frankly, this has to be one of the
strongest series out there. There isn't one character that i find
boring, i care for every character and the story is built in a very
slow way that is just amazing, giving you small bits by bits but in a
way that is so well done that you are gonna be craving for more.
Amongst all the character, i would have to say that Arya Arke and
Daenerys Targaryen are my favorite characters, since they are two
symbols of powerful and strong women who are slowly climbing to their
true potential. Arya being a tomboy skilled with weapons and daenerys
carrying dragon's blood.Although it is a very well scripted and played out show, it is not for
the faint of heart or depressive people, it is very grim, and at times
hard to bear, but i find that in a sense it gives me hope that our race
has made progress trough the year and that even if it is a
''fictional'' show, i imagine it is very resembling to medieval age.
Therefore is why it fills me with relief to see that our time are much
easier to live in, and it shows me that our situation is not bad at
all, and that we have everything given to us. This show is very
humbling in a way. There is also a lot of nudity and blood in the show
so beware.For those that make comment saying that it is too violent and there is
too much nudity, i would reply : we were born creatures of sexuality,
and we will die so. We are born naked and are taught to be ashamed of
our bodies. I think this show brings us back to the base, the sexuality
is shown in a very smart and useful way. As for the blood, well it is a
show about war and hard times , surely you'd be stupid not to expect a
lot of it. Got a problem with it? then don't watch it.if you are wanting lord of the ring, this show is not gonna give it to
you, it is a very realistic show with some few supernatural elements,
there aren't mages with rods and hordes of orcs, so beware! Anyways, a very amazing and beautiful show in every way.
"
"27" "
I just finished watching the first season of game of thrones and I'm
positively surprised. The show is beautifully written and has a unique
story telling. What I love mostly are the characters, I haven't seen as
solid, true and \"honest\" characters as this characters.Before I watch game of thrones I have though-ten that breaking bad was
the best show ever made for television but after watching game of
thrones I have changed my opinion. Game of thrones is the best show,
it's beautifully directed and written it has a great cinematography (
very likely with the 2015 Macbeth cinematography. The CGI characters
are superb kind of like Lord of the rings CGI.So I think that game of thrones is the best show ever made, this show
have inspired me to write this review and I don't review often but this
show deserved the review. Overall this is a masterpiece that everyone
need and deserve to watch, I highly recommend it, watch it you don't
know what you'r missing.Thank you!
"
"28" "
I must say this is the best series of its kind, I have never seen
something as deep, real, well done as this one.The argument, music, scene is as best as it can be. There are 2 things
you must like to fully enjoy this series. First is medieval stories and
the second is mythology. In each case the most enjoyable is the
relations between people, and that has no era...After this you just need to know that: everything you expect to happen
will not; every character can become the your hero of the episode; -
all types of people are represented in the story and you will know at
least one of each kind very well during the various episodes; and the
most important, it doesn't mater if you like someone or if you hate
them, in a real war everyone suffers and the majority dies.So, in conclusion, expect a lot of emotions from you side as during
each episode you will for sure feel a lot of hate, angry, love and
sadness.
"
"29" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"30" "
Honestly, this show is the best one in the whole world & universe. I
love it and it's my number one show. There are many characters and many
stories so you never get bored. I love the country side, the whole idea
of the story and everything. I admire George R.R. Martin who wrote
these books and David Benioff, D.B. Weiss to put this show together. I
can not wait till season 4. And the last thing I wanna say I am totally
in love with Emilia Clarke/Daenerys Targaryen I ship her and I believe
she will rule the Seven Kingdoms and she will win the Iron Throne. So
guys this show is perfect. Don't believe anyone who says it's not good
show because they are lying. It's based on books and it's perfect.
Books are awesome, TV show is more than awesome. It's just great and I
hope this show will never end!
"
"31" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"32" "
Game of Thrones is an American fantasy drama television series created
for HBO. This is the Series show, which I like, and inspires me to
create a huge story of \"The Caribbean's Kingdom\" which is my ultimate
goal concern. Game of Thrones is My Selected Story: Written by George
R. R. Martin, a media veteran author, with many relevant writes on
movies and TV stories. In 1991 he finally shows his talent with the
acclaimed TV series, \"The Son of Ice and Fire\" subsequently in 1994 he
appeared with his fabulous written series \"Game of Throne\" which
rocketed him to the sky, but succeed sometimes, is a little hard to
drink. The critics. Started to compare him with J R R Tolkien's \"Lord
of the Ring\" \" and \" Middle-Earth.\" But even the normal similitude
determined for the genre, the comparison is counted improperly. These
guys, David Benioff and D. B. Weiss, work in the adaptation for HBO; it
is an adaptation of A Song of Ice and Fire, George R. R. Martin's
series of fantasy, which the audience has received with a great
acceptation.
"
"33" "
I have not had the pleasure of reading the books however, it seems that
the series sticks close to them according to other reviews. It can seem
drawn out in some episodes but with so much to cover I can see the
challenges. Overall it is a stunning masterpiece with something to grab
your attention each episode. I love how the opening sequence is
somewhat interactive in that it keeps up with what is going on in the
story line. For me, it is the best opening sequence in a long time. If
you love fantasy and I am a big fan of fantasy, you couldn't ask for
more. Well, maybe just to see those awesome dragons fully grown
finally! I can't wait, what a spectacular series.
"
"34" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"35" "
Let me start by saying that there are plenty of good fantasy films and
TV shows out there, including the Lord of the Rings, Once Upon a Time,
and Your Highness... (that last one was a joke) But HBO's Game of
Thrones stands at the top of the mountain when it comes to fantasy
stories on the small screen. The sheer size and scope of the world
created in A Song of Ice & Fire is beautifully realized in the show,
and the set pieces/costumes are very well done. The writers also did a
fine job of staying true to the books, while also throwing some
unexpected curve balls into the story to keep even the readers on their
toes. Each episode has intriguing dialogue, deceptive plots, and most
episodes have some top-notch action scenes. Season 2, Episode 9 is
particularly thrilling, and the Battle of Blackwater Bay will not
disappoint fans who have stuck with the show to see its epic climax.
But the thing that I like best about this series is that all the events
feel like they are leading toward an explosion of action. This ticking
time bomb started with the reappearance of the White Walkers, and came
to another huge turning point at the end of Season 1 with the birth of
Daenerys Targaryen's dragons. Eventually a war starts tearing apart the
realm, and most of the characters have no knowledge of the White
Walkers, the Targaryen uprising, or the vast army of wildlings marching
South on the Wall. Season 3 is now underway, and they have shown 5 episodes so far. The
War of Five Kings is really starting to heat up, and all of the major
characters are taking big leaps as the story goes along. A Storm of
Swords (the third book) is the only one I've read so far, but I must
admit it was one of the best page-turning, action packed books I've
ever read. The last 3 or 4 episodes of this season will be epic, and
the show will only continue to grow in popularity after season 3 is
over. So grab some popcorn and a Big Gulp, because Winter is Coming!
"
"36" "
First of all let me say that I have never read the books and had no
preconceived notions about this show before watching it. I was hearing
and seeing buzz for \"Game of Thrones\" and decided to see what all the
fuss was about.I can't tell you how happy I am that I did! I don't know where to begin
but let me start off by saying that this show has mass appeal. You
would think that it would primarily catch the interest of fans of the
book series or the same kind of geeky guys that are Lord of the Rings
buffs. This is certainly true but once you get virtually anyone to
watch an episode or two they will be hooked!To make my point I will use my fiancée as an example. She has no
interest in any kind of fantasy type movies involving sword fights,
dragons and mystical lands. GOT certainly has plenty of those things in
spades but what it also has, and ladies please don't hate on me because
you know it's true, is a shitload of DRAMA! There are so many acts of
betrayal and backstabbing you don't know which characters are frauds
and which are trustworthy and honorable. IMO the best thing that this show has going for it is it's cast of
multi-dimensional characters. There are so many characters to follow,
each of them unique, that it can become overwhelming at times. However,
I would recommend that you don't grow too fond of anyone of the
characters because in the crazy world of Game of Thrones anyone can be
taken out at anytime!
"
"37" "
We had the HBO screener copy sitting around for months with no interest
in watching it. We weren't sure what to make of it but I'm used to
seeing the terrible mini-series set in medieval times attempts on
television, so I was weary of GOT. We ran out of things to watch and so
popped in the first 2 episode that came on the Emmy screener copy and
we were blown away, and bummed there were only two episodes on it. I've
stopped watching it so I can read the books, which are also amazing and
page turners. This isn't a genre I would normally enjoy reading but
it's so well written that I'm really into it. Also, knowing what's
going on in the series helped me understand what is going on in the
book. It's very detailed, in an almost Jane Austin kind of way and uses
words we don't use in modern time, not to mention, a lot of character
names that aren't very modern, so it takes a bit of thinking in the
beginning to catch up and understand what is going on. But you get used
to it pretty quickly and then it just flows. I would highly recommend
this for anyone. My dad likes crime novels but I plan on giving him a
copy of the book because I'm pretty sure he would like this. Would it
be blasphemy to say it's as well written as 'The Hobbit?' Sorry, it's
just really well written and a gorgeous and epic show, and as good as
production value in any movie. A must see and a must read.
"
"38" "Add another review"
"39" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"40" "
This is the best TV show in the world every season was just
outstandingly good and I was at the edge of my seat all the way
through. The story has originality and a great script my favourite
episode to date is season 4 episode 10. Every season on episode 9 you
see brilliant plot outbursts that really stand out to the whole story
of the show.Spoilers: Season 1 episode 9 had the beheading of Edard Stark(Sean
Bean) Season 2 episode 9 had the giant battle outside kings landing
with green fire. Season 3 episode 9 was when some of the main
characters got killed off like Catlin and Rob Stark. Finally Season 4
episode 9 had a massive battle with giants and mammoths from The
Wildlings north of the wall and they were against Castle Black, and
also is the only episode without Tyrion Lannister(Peter Dinklage).
Although throughout the whole of the show there at least one death in
every episode. End of spoilers.Throughout the show there is great acting and great character
development and also good story development. The only season which wasn't that great because well it had some limits
it wasn't as fluid as the previous seasons and that was season 3 I
don't know why but season 3 wasn't as fluid but then season 4 brought
back the no holds barred rating again (18). My favourite character at
this moment is Arya Stark(Maisie Williams) because she is just a
bad-ass and also she is a fantastic character because she has witnessed
the loss of her father Edard Stark but plus the reason why I like Arya
is because that her story takes a big part in the show and that I think
makes a key character. I recommend this TV show to everyone because even though some people
may not like it because they it's just like The Lord Of The Rings
trilogy it actually has no references from none of them films. This TV
is Excellent and epic and literally the best thing on TV right now.
10/10.
"
"41" "
I'm not much of a TV show fan. And while I recognize the greatness of
recent dramas like breaking bad, mad men or house of cards, it is very
difficult to get so invested in the characters there, and I don't think
i've ever waited anxiously for the next episode. And that, is what Game
of Thrones does better than any other series, it makes you care for the
characters, and it keeps you waiting for the next episode. Game of
Thrones isn't the best TV show out there, that honor would probably go
to The Wire, but it is shocking that despite not even being held in our
world, it is far more fascinating.The best thing about this show is it's unsurpassable depth, especially
in seasons 2 and 3, which have focused more on the characters.
Personally, I used to watch this show casually, and skipped the parts I
didn't like while asking my friend to remind me what was happening. It
is massive and it's hard to keep track of everyone, and so a casual
viewer might not agree with my statement of depth. As a casual viewer,
I thought so too at first. I didn't like the talkative season 2, or
even the beginning of season 3, as the show slowed down there.But during a very boring summer I decided to invest more in the series.
I went to a wiki and read the characters backstories, watched every
episode again and then read through the first two books. The more time
i spent on the series, the more I noticed how deep the story is.I also think, contrary to many other opinions, that the show is
steadily improving, despite the fact that the plot is slowing down.
It's focusing more on the characters, which is fine with me,
considering that they are the most interesting ones out there. The
Lannister males, Tyrion, Jamie and Tywin, in particular are some of the
best characters in any show, ever.The first season suffers from sexploitation, and second and third
seasons have talkative episodes that aren't always interesting, so I'd
give it a 9.5/10, but since that's not an option.. 10/10
"
"42" "
To create a show as complicated and beautiful as Game of Thrones you
need many ingredients. First you must add a dab of medieval England and
Lord of the Rings. You then add a pinch of sex and nudity. 3 table
spoons of war and violence, a whole bag of love, deception and revenge,
you mix this with the lengths people will go for power and add a little
dwarf and there you have it, the beautifully crafted show Game of
Thrones!The genius of Game of Thrones however is not all that I mentioned above
but rather the characters. Everyone in the long list of complicated
characters is so different yet all seem so real. The genius dwarf
Tyrion, the honourable Eddard Stark and the cunning Littlefinger. All
these characters hook you in so much that you in a way don't care about
the main plot as long as they live. That is why I believe Game of
Thrones is a must see.
"
"43" "
I hadn't watched this show at first, season 1 was finished by the time
I started watching and I heard from many gamers (pen and paper
roleplaying) that it was a truly amazing series and I assumed it to be
good, but I found that it was GREAT! There are few series out there
where I can sit and watch the show, truly interested in every aspect of
it. I sit there wondering about every single character. The important
ones, the non-important ones, the vile ones and the good ones, the
annoying ones and the enjoyable ones. Character I absolutely loathe are
so well written that I am always interested in what they are up to,
what they're doing and what they'll do.There are quite a few twists where for one moment you think things are
going to be okay and it's going to be a stereotypical order in the
storyline and then all of a sudden the scene does a 360 on you and you
have no idea where they're going with the storyline. Everyone who
watches this has their favourite noble family that they would like to
win and have justice and take the throne. I personally want to support
the under-dogs, the Starks but I'm sure others like the other nobles in
different parts of the world.I highly recommend this as I have never seen another fantasy series
that was done well in so many years. If you are a lover of fantasy I'd
go for it. Magic rarely comes into it, but when it does, it is
something truly powerful.
"
"44" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"45" "
I cringed when I heard that Game of Thrones was being made into a
series. Initial thoughts were that things would be grossly out of place
and simply not nearly as well told. Then I heard that the series'
author was on hand to ensure that the writing for the show would be
consistent (not exactly the same but consistent) with how the
characters were written.This concept created one of the most amazing TV shows out there. Of
course having HBO's budget sure helps create the most amazing sets and
wardrobe imaginable helped out substantially.This being said - Game of Thrones is not simply an adaptation of the
novels. I tell people that the TV series is a visual companion to the
novels; which are so big that you almost need the TV series to help
your mind see all of the pieces moving. From the Wall, to the Horse
Lords, to the Eyrie, to well you name it - the scenes are breathtaking.
But for as amazing as it all is none of it is as good as the cast. I
tip my hat to the casting directors - they had one heck of a job
putting this crew together. Every cast member fits so perfectly into
the shoe that is their character. My novel favorite is Tyrion Lannister
- played by Peter Dynklage - is just as I imagined reading him. Special
kudos to the entire cast however as they are as ruthless/loving/amazing
as the characters they portray.However I will say that there are differences in the show from the
novel. This is to be expected. Some of the major differences include:
Raising the ages of the children (some are married/in adult situations
- this is a good thing as the novels never really \"held back\"), cutting
scenes short, providing information sooner, situations not in the
novel, and some name changes. Game of Thrones has so much History,
developments, events, and characters that this must be done. But it
happens with much care. In a particular TV scene, the Queen and King
are sitting together talking about events that brought them together.
This scene (If I recall correctly) is for the show - to sort of wrap
some information for the watcher, but it's done so well that I doubt
anyone can complain. The series certainly keeps the tempo moving, the
characters lively, and the audience engaged in the events. The show
could have scripted word for word many events, but I think the brevity
they have shown in season 1 works very well into their favor.Unlike most written works to screen, Game of Thrones does a great job
capturing and bringing to life possibly one of the greatest modern
fantasy stories ever written. I hope you enjoy this show as much as I
have.
"
"46" "
I know I am bit late to write the review but...This show is damn awesome. The location, the characters, the targeriyans, the king's road, the
dragon egg's, the mad king, the loyal friend, the bastards, the dwarfs,
the traitors, the plotters, the unholy lovers, the pet-wolves, the
night's watch, the WALL, the blue eyed spirits of the haunted forest,
the noob who becomes the king, the cunning lannisters, the prince with
blonde hair, the tyranny surrounding the word Khal Drogo, the gulf of
grief, the chameleon Baelish, and much much more!I don't generally prefer TV shows because they run too long and the
story keeps never ends. Luckily my friend recommended that since entire
season 1 is out there, why not watch it all? Here's the twist, each
episode is a master-piece. I watched first episode, my mind blew-off in bewilderment of the 'pure'
violence & love, the characters displayed to play the Game of Thrones. The Baratheon King is a extremely cunning character, who never takes
the center stage and yet remains purely in power. The Starks are the
most lovable family with an unfathomable family pride. The all-powerful
Lannisters, a family or kingdom in themselves. The bastard dwarf is one
of best characters I have ever seen in any TV show. A character so tiny
yet so powerful. Tyrion Lannister's dialogue delivery & portrayal of
'the bastards' is absolutely stunning. He is chatty and witty, probably
the only Lannister without the trademark characteristics of a
Lannister!and I could go on and on about the other characters!More than anything, all episodes remains absolutely loyal to the title,
'Game of Thrones'.
"
"47" "
This adaptation (so far) is without a doubt the best I've ever seen.
Few books ever make the transformation from script to screen without
loosing something monstrously important to whomever has read it and
taken it to heart. We can all reel them off. The Beach for me ... what
a pity. But HBO really have pulled it out of the bag with Game of
Thrones. The sets, characters and costumes are perfect, they've even
kept huge segments of dialog exactly the same.GoT almost plays out like a medieval polecat thriller, with a hint of
fantasy. If you're after a Lord of the rings type saga, you're going to
be disappointed, only until you realise the plot is so thick and rich,
you'll be on Amazon 5 minutes later ordering the books to find out what
happens next. I'm on book 3 and hand on heart, I think it's one of the
best stories ever told.I dare anyone not to enjoy this epic medieval drama.
"
"48" "
Game of thrones can't truly be placed into any specific category due to
its incredibly organic stile of story telling.When you watch movies, such as lord of the rings or the hobbit(yes I
understand that they are both Tolkienian), you know which characters
have got \"invisible plot shields\" which make them impervious the lethal
danger, yes Frodo gets stabbed and poisoned by the Morgul-Blade but
that all works out for him fine in the end.In game of thrones characters are treated as people and don't get give
these mysterious powers to evade death by pure fluke. You will form
emotional bonds with the characters and each time a character is killed
of it just makes you become more and more connected with the Game Of
Thrones Universe.Game Of Thrones also probably has some of the strongest characters in
books and movies alike because you can really elaborate on you feelings
about a character and 2 people may have interpreted a characters
actions differently depending on the persons outlook.This is a very mature show and should be treated as such so if you just
want something at and listen to as your eyes glaze over while playing a
video game or reading a book then this is not for you. In order to
really appreciate the depth of the series you need to pay attention to
the context because if you miss a bit you may loose track of the entire
series or even show as a whole.The only thing which I can say that some users may not like is the
large amount of graphic sex and nudity in the series, but that isn't
anything to demote it for, just be warned not to watch it in front of
children.To conclude, game of thrones is a fantastic TV show if you are watching
it and not just using it for white noise. I would wholeheartedly
recommend game of thrones as long as you are mature and over the age of
14.
"
"49" "
This is my first review ever and i am extremely glad it is for 'Game of
Thrones'.In fact, this amazing and vivaciously plotted TV series made
me register an IMDb a/c.I am not much of a reader, as i tend to get bored just by looking at
the thickness of books.I didn't even knew that the complete plot was
derived from the Book series 'A Song of Ice and Fire' written by George
R. R. Martin, until i finished the third season and learned that the
next season will commence in 2014.I will start the books just after completing this review, i can promise
you that. Before wrapping up, i would like to share with you all the stupid
reason why i watched this series. It happened because of a PC game
called 'SKYRIM ELDER SCROLLS V'. A friend of mine told me that there
are surprising similarities between the two which i now find to be so
crude.I will also warn you not to judge the series just by watching the first
few episodes cause you will miss so much fun-packed adventure and a
blend of versatile characters that will be imprinted into your minds
for lifetime.The dialogs are so awesome and highly intellectual that
they imbibe you with wisdom and nourish your inner-self.My favorite so
far is 'There is Power in a King's blood'.******HIGHLY RECOMMENDED*****
"
"50" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"51" "
Not since J.R.R. Tolkien's works has someone created such a masterful
and complete fictional world as George R.R. Martin. His extensive world
with its numerous characters inhabiting it, is a joy to read about in
the books and to view on this brilliantly adapted Television show.The numerous main plot points and side stories which are all inhabited
by various characters that pop in and out of each others individual
journeys make these books much more fitted for a television series
rather than adapting it into a series of films that would most
undoubtedly end up leaving out a number of characters and plot points
that would leave the ignorant viewer confused and would not do justice
to the books.Of the numerous POV characters that appear throughout the books and
Television series, some of the most prominent ones include Tyrion
Lannister (Peter Dinklage), Daenerys Targaryen (Emilia Clarke), Arya
Stark (Maisie Williams), Stannis Baratheon (Stephen Delane), Bran Stark
(Isaac Wright), Jaime Lannister (Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau) and you know
what? There are just to many to mention. The way that the above
characters intertwine with all the other characters inhabiting their
world is masterful.The world that these characters inhabit is plagued with civil strife
and rebellion after the death of the King with many believing they have
a right to sit on the Iron Throne and command the Seven Kingdoms of
Westeros. With in-fighting and treachery abundant in each of the
regions the path to the throne is not as easy as it would seem. Along
with the battle for the throne, the regions of Westeros are starting to
become increasingly aware of a threat from beyond the their borders in
the north and from the uncharted regions of the continent of Essos.
Magic seems to become part of world again and disciples of The Lord of
Light challenge the practiced faith of The Faith of the Seven of
Westeros.One of the attributes of this series that makes it so enjoyable is the
fact that no one is safe from the dangers of the world, no character is
\"invincible\" as becomes apparent after the first book.Not wanting to reveal to many plot points I will this review here, but
one last thing I will say is this: Pay attention to the details of the
earlier episodes series and chapters of the book, and don't get to
attached to any of the characters because they might not last as long
as you think they will.
"
"52" "Add another review"
"53" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"54" "
****Contains Spoilers****This is one of the best TV series I have seen in a long time. I am yet
to read the books but if the TV series is anything to go by then the
books will be outstanding.This has to be one of the only TV programs I have ever seen where main
characters are killed off throughout the series for instance Eddard
Stark being beheaded in series one was a massive shock to me as I
thought he was going to go far being as he was a main character. Also
the battle of the Red Wedding was another shock being as not only one
main character was killed off there were 2 potentially 3 and the fact
that they slaughtered a pregnant woman.This is a must watch.
"
"55" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"56" "
NOTE: The review may contain minor spoilers but they do not spoil the
story in any kind of way.I delayed watching or reading Game of Thrones for a long, long time and
I'm kind of glad I did. Why, you wonder? Because I got to sit through
two seasons without waiting a week for the next episode. But, well,
then I came to the third and that problem became ... kind of relevant. As an avid reader and a major fan of any sort of fantasy (may it be
games, books, movies, TV shows), I honestly don't know why I didn't
pick up Game of Thrones before. I do remember telling my friend \"It's
mainstream, it's sure to suck\" or something along those lines. I might
have been in a world of hipsters back then so do forgive me, please.
However, when I picked it up, I realized that it's everything but it's
not mainstream. I watched two seasons before picking up the books, and
I can proudly say that I hadn't wasted thirty or so hours of my life. Game of Thrones deviates from any known formula - for TV shows or
books. Its story and characters span across many continents and each
characters has its own story to tell - they all matter. There are a lot
of characters - some you might love, some you might hate (looking at
you, oh my King) but you can't help but admire each and every one of
them. In a nutshell, Game of Thrones is a Game where people try to
outwit each other, where people try to survive against all the odds
and, of course, get laid somewhere in-between those things. What makes
the story unique, though, and what makes it deviate from other fantasy
stories is its unique aspects of no main character. Sure, there are
some that get more screen time than the others, but that actually
should be a sign for you. In the world of Seven Kingdoms and beyond, no
one is safe - no one is certain to live. This alone makes the series
even more interesting and creates odd sense of tension you can't get
off. I'm sure many people, even non-readers and non-viewers, have heard
of sheer brutality G. Martin possess. Well ... it's true. As far as the other things go, the scenery and locations are either
breathtaking or distastefully brilliant. From the wood houses and stone
castles at the North to the beautiful architecture of the Capital, to
the empty, frozen lands beyond the North - they're all breathtaking.
The scenery alone invests you into the story, making you a part of it.
Because the story spans over the entire world, you won't be seeing one
type of scenery through the entire episode - and I think that's the
thing that makes this show jump from 9 to 10. There's just so much to
inhale, scene after scene, episode after episode, and you never go \"Oh
God, I get it, there are walls all over the place and it's cold and
it's snow\" because takes jump from one side of the world to the other
in the matter of seconds. As far as the soundtrack goes, it's not as great as the things
mentioned above, but it does the job. There are indeed some epic
tracks, but most of the time, music stays in the background. Still,
nonetheless, it amplifies the feeling of epicness as you watch the
series.There's a lot to take from Game of Thrones. There are a lot of stories
to be told, a lot of characters to kill off and a lot of battles to be
held (Dragons, I'm looking at you). In all aspects, it may not be a
true masterpiece; still, no one can please everyone. Personally, for
me, the lack of true fantasy, may it be dark or high is what makes me a
bit ... itchy about the series. However, as I caught up with the books,
even that problem faded. I look forward to more of Game of Thrones ...
but the pain is to wait, indeed.
"
"57" "
Yes, this is my favorite TVShow, and i have seen a lot of series such
as Lost, Breaking Bad, White Collar, Greys Anatomy and many others, but
still this is my favorite one. No i have not read the books but my
cousin have told me that's the same thing. I love Game of Thrones
because of it's story, the scenarios, the actors, the visual effects. I
mean this series has everything anyone could love of any TV Show. The
story at first is a little bit strange and you may not get anything but
after at leas t5 episodes of the first season you know very good the
story and how is it going. And if you relate with a specific character
it may be killed, yes in this tvshow many main character got killed but
i think this makes the series more special, it's completely different
to other shows when the main character never gets killed. The custome
its another thing that makes game of thrones very special, its
absolutely awesome and perfect, again, even more than other series such
as lost or NCIS. I can't simply wait for more of this series.
"
"58" "
I watched the first season before knowing anything about the storyline,
and it sucked me in; it was totally incredible! Since then I've
listened to 4 of the unabridged audiobooks in the series, all of which
were EXTREMELY well done from my vast experience with audiobooks. I
knew the storyline before season 2 began, yet I still couldn't wait for
each new episode to air. Having read the books, the episodes helped to
fill in bits I may have missed or misunderstood in the books, so the 2
mediums melded together nicely. This isn't a typical cliffhanger series
with new stories written each week to fill a quota; it's a television
adaption of the books which are gritty, ruthless, and are completely
unpredictable in their turn of events, just the way you would expect
things to be if this world actually existed. It stays within the
story's boundaries given the limited time allowed for the series. Like
the Lord of the Ring's, both film series are linear and tell the story,
but both book series are more colorful with much more depth to the
stories, more sidestories and character development than the time
restrictions allow. I would recommend to anyone who likes the show even
a little to read the books or listen to the audiobooks (Roy Dotrice
really makes the characters in the book come to life!).
"
"59" "
when i started watching GOT.I thought that its gonna take some patience
to get myself to like it. WrongBy the middle of the first episode i was hooked. By the end of it I was
addicted. Every episode has the tendency to surprise...or id rather say
shock you and keep you thinking about it for some time. The fact that its on HBO promises violence....and hell of a lot of
nudity, but not forced. Things don't happen just cause they gotta. The characters are perfectly placed and cast well. The writing is
powerful and at times dark. All in all if you haven't started watching yet , now is the best time
to watch the first two seasons because its a helluva good show .
"
"60" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"61" "
Having no idea what the series was about or even that it was based on a
book I accidentallystumbled upon the very first episode of the game of thrones on a
popular online TV show website. 'An HBO production', this had to be
interesting, I thought. With series such as entourage, the sopranos and
sex and the city setting the bar pretty high, the expectations from the
first episode were already built up.The show starts off with men hunting. The setting develops an eerie
sensation as the audience realizes that it is the dead that it being
hunted. The dead, in the show aren't glamorized vampires or werewolves
but monsters of some sort. At this point you think to yourself, 'umm...
fantasy for adults?...hmm'. This apprehension however, disappears
within minutes of the sequences following it.Game of thrones, is a show like nothing before. The underlining theme
of fantasy is so realistically portrayed that the story, unimaginable
in today's day and age somehow still seems plausible in another time.
The complexity of the characters is so simply executed, peeling back
one layer at a time that it becomes impossible to pick a favorite. Even
the queen, involved in harming a 10 year old to the extent of
paralysis, can be sympathized for when the antics of her disloyal
husband are revealed. The show touches upon every taboo that may exist
in today's society. Providing, what I feel is a sense of, liberation!
The violence, the sex, the greed, the manipulation and even the hint of
love are all ingredients in a very entertaining drama series.There however, do exist some censorship issues. The nudity of women for
instance, crosses the line of indecency. A scene featuring a 10 year
old boy drinking his mother's breast milk is a little more than
unsettling. Putting the television show aside and thinking of the child
actor at the present moment, is it really necessary to expose a child
to such things at such a tender age? Breast feeding an infant is
appropriate to ensure healthy development but for a 10-year old boy? It
almost borders on pornography, especially since kids are growing up
much faster now.Game of thrones is brutal, hard hitting and shocking. But it isn't
uncommon to get so engrossed by the characters and their lives that
censorship issues no longer matter. It is a thoroughly enjoyable TV
series which is very well executed making every part of the show vital
for its success. The creators have left very little room for
improvement doing a fantastic job at every step of the way. HBO, once
again lives up to expectation.
"
"62" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"63" "
So many have reviewed this so I don't have to go on and on about the
entire premise. I do have to say, because I really think it should be
said, that there is so much potential here, but it's ruined. The
lighting, the directing, the cinematography, the production value, the
wardrobe, all so well done. It's beautiful...So why only four stars? It's filled with so many gratuitous sex scenes.
Any way you like it: Gay, Lesbian, bi, Straight, Incestuous, sex while
murdering... the list goes on and on. I really like sex. I do! I like
it in movies and I like it in shows, but this is ridiculous. Almost
none of it drives the story. None of it is really necessary at all, but
sometimes it's nice to have a nice tasteful love scene. In this case
it's a ploy to get ratings. It appears to have worked! My next
complaint is about something that they could not have changed as it is
part of the story from the books, but this is my review and I can give
my opinion (shared by many.) They kill every character that you care
about. Then, they introduce some new characters for you to like, and
they kill them off. The bad guy wins. That is what they are trying to
convey. It may be their prerogative to convey it, but I don't have to
watch it. So I don't. I stopped watching. I just couldn't take it any
more.The sad part is that there is so much good in this series. I really
like the concept of the White Walkers. I like their take on dragons.
The whole aesthetic is so well done. The world they have created is
quite breathtaking. I just wish I could bring myself to watch it. The
story just stinks. Oh well, there are plenty of people that like it so
this is just one man's opinion.
"
"64" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"65" "
Having read all the books, I suppose it's only natural that I should be
completely bored of the TV series. But knowing what happens next hasn't
stopped me enjoying and revisiting other books, movies, and shows -- in
fact I've got a small shelf full of them. Perhaps the trouble with
\"Game of Thrones\" is that it offers so few pleasures besides finding
out \"what happens next\".The cast is generally very good, and they make the material sound
better than it really is. The dialogue is weighed down with clumsy
expository speeches -- at least one per episode, usually more -- with
which each actor has to wrestle. Peter Dinklage, as the dwarf Tyrion,
stands out as a sympathetic, if self-centered, antihero, and he manages
to command the screen even when his lines are stilted, clunky rubbish.
Sean Bean, before losing his head, delivered a typically charismatic
and soulful performance as the tragic hero Ned Stark, but even he
struggled with the exposition. The many child actors, Maisie Williams
especially, are more believable, maybe because children aren't normally
saddled with huge chunks of Expo-Speak. Much of the rest of the cast
have endeavored to create performances so subtle they end up almost
wooden, while a few others engage in dodgy accents and some arch
scenery-chewing. (Aiden Gillen, as the scheming Littlefinger, gets less
comprehensible with each passing season).The show is heavy on plot, with seemingly several dozen characters all
competing for your attention while they vie for the throne of the Seven
Kingdoms, or just try to out-maneuver and kill each other off. There's
so much plot that there's hardly any room for style, and the show is
filmed in a rather dull, stagy fashion: the average scene involves two
characters sitting in a room or walking through the woods and trading
Info-Dumps or arguing with each other, and periodically someone will
get stabbed. The reliance on dialogue means you don't actually have to
watch the show: instead you can just listen to it without missing much,
except the gore and nudity.And while there's nothing wrong with a little harmless gratuitous
nudity, \"Game of Thrones\" pours it on with a trashy prurience befitting
a sexually precocious 12-year-old boy, rather than an adult of either
gender. The male gaze entirely dominates these scenes, apparently
designed to appeal to fans of soft-core pornography who want a little
high drama with their smut. Their gratuity can be gauged by the fact
that the naked women are usually uncredited extras, and very few of the
main cast -- male or female -- appear in these scenes. The gore and
violence are equally trashy, with squirting arteries and squishy sound
effects, to the point that they become more laughably ridiculous than
genuinely painful.So what happens next? That's really the only thing keeping this show
going, as every episode and nearly every individual scene ends with a
cliffhanger to keep you coming back for more. Characters are captured,
betrayed, condemned to death, beheaded, or left for dead on a regular
basis. Ned, Robb, and Catelyn Stark have all passed on, as have Tywin
Lannister and his sadistic grandson Joffrey; the fun now will be seeing
who gets bumped off next. But if you've read the books, or if you have
any interest in watching \"Game of Thrones\" a second time, the question
\"What happens next?\" isn't going to appeal to you. Even if you just
want to watch a good story that's told well, you're going to have an
uphill battle with \"Game of Thrones\".
"
"66" "
This TV show is an amazing vortex of love, betrayal and gore. All of
the violence is realistic and the sex/adult themes are handled
maturely. I have watched ever since the first episode and it hooks and
you in and keeps you watching. There are many characters, so, to hold
attention, there are only a few characters focused on per season, and
they are developed very well. You will find yourself loving or hating
these characters and the acting is just incredible.Each and every actor plays their part. This is a television masterpiece
and should not be underestimated. If you are not a watcher, then you
should begin watching and you will thank me personally - and find
yourself siding with houses before you know it.I cannot describe the magnificence of this show in a review, so you
should watch it and have an opinion of your own. I, myself, do not
understand why so much hatred goes toward this show, but I strongly
disagree and hope that others who watch this series agree with my
opinion.In short, this TV series is magnificent and deserves every award that
it has won and its rating of 9.4/10. It is worth the watch -
definitely!
"
"67" "
I had heard nothing but good things about Game of Thrones when my
boyfriend and I picked up the first season; as such, I had high
expectations. I was not disappointed<U+0097>if anything, my expectations were
not high enough. Starting in the evening, we intended to watch \"just a
couple of episodes.\" Hours later, as the sun was coming up, we were
still glued to the TV. We watched the entire series in just two days.
This is easily one of the best acted and best written shows that I have
ever watched! Imagine my further enthusiasm upon discovering that it was based on a
book series. Being an avid reader,I picked up the first book in the
series A Song of Fire and Ice (which shares the name of the show) at my
earliest opportunity. As much as I loved the show, I absolutely
expected it to be much different from the book; as an avid reader, I am
also aware of how badly most movies and TV shows manage to foul up when
making the transition from the written page.I could not have been more wrong. This show follows the book so closely
that there are even whole sentences of dialogue that must have been
copied directly from the book into the show's script. The few
differences are so minute as to not really matter; most of them
actually add to the show, rather than being detrimental. In addition,
the casting is fantastic. Having seen the show first, I worried that
the appearance of the actors might color the way I viewed in the
characters in the book; this was not the case. Although I did, in fact,
picture the actors in most cases, it was only because their resemblance
to their fictional counterparts had been so closely adhered to in the
television adaptation. With so many characters involved in the book's
story, one might assume that some of them would have been left on the
cutting room floor when the series went to wrap . . . but, as I
mentioned, the amazing adaptation included every plot point, no matter
how small of a part a character may have. This is good news, as I have
seen far too many movies and shows that ignore a supporting character
in early episodes only to have the character become a major player
later on, leaving a plot hole in the early episodes and people
wondering, \"Hm, where did this guy come in?\"I have not had a chance to begin the second book yet, although after
finishing the first one, I immediately went out and bought the rest of
the series. As excited as I am about reading the next book, it is with
even greater anticipation that I wait for the return of this amazing
series. I would recommend this show to anyone who is a fan of the
fantasy genre. Truly,I would recommend this show to anyone!! If you are
looking for something to watch that is visually and intellectually
captivating,incredibly acted and well written, and fun to boot-- or
just an entertaining bit of TV to get you through a rainy day-- then
you have found it in Game of Thrones!!
"
"68" "Add another review"
"69" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"70" "
At first I have to say that I did not read read any of Mr. Martin's
books, and that I watched all five seasons. And, that I do not find
this show over-sexed or especially brutal. I do not live in a country
where nudity on screen is a problem. Yet graphic violence is, but
except in some cases (mostly boring scenes), I never felt the need to
fast forward.I enjoyed the first four seasons of GOT (with no real understanding of
the hype around it) until the death of Oberyn Martell. The characters
were mostly interesting (except that Girl that has only two facial
expressions, Daenerys), the story arcs wide and interesting, and the
dialogs, precisely most of them with Tyrion involved, razor sharp like
no other show I watched before.GOT is basically a family story, and it takes most of its fascination
from there. Powerful and powerless families are put together, with
their history background lasting over centuries. They are stuck in
their age, struggling for survival and power. The Game of Thrones
itself seems as a permanent repeated game of success, failure, loss,
intrigue, murder, war and humiliation, as history presents itself to
us. People want power, are trying to take it like Wolves from their
rivals, are succeeding or failing while the only real sure outcome are
mountains of dead bodies. It's basically Shakespeare and doesn't add
anything to his observations of the human nature, except a bit of
Tolkien or Rowlings and Nietzsche. We are allowed to like that (or
not).Back to Oberyn. Just when the GOT producers had the luck to bring in
another intriguing character - actor Pedro Pascal had the role of his
life - they decided to kill him. OK, I have not a very big problem with
killing a character, but in this case it was pure waste. Tywin's death
actually did make sense, for example, and however we liked Charles
Dance, he had to leave eventually.Next, there was the death or disappearance of Sandor Clegane. This
character had vast potential and was wasted, too.Together with some other needless things, like the torture and
depenitation of Theon Greyjoy, GOT then lost parts of its central
themes, particularly the Game itself, and the Family saga aspects, to
be a simple series of events, failures and not very interesting stories
of fates (Sansa, Arya, Brienne)I put the blame for GOT's current (Season 5) downfall as a reasonable
epic equally on both R.R. Martin, the original Author, who lost track
of his own creation, and the producers of the the series, who didn't
see that their child has to grow up and eventually has to go loose from
the author, who cannot handle the complexity anymore and therefore
makes the wrong decisions to hold it together.
"
"71" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"72" "
I tried many times watching this series but always found the first
episode so tedious that I kept giving up. Then I found myself with a
lot of dead time at a job once and ploughed through the first 3 series
thanks to the blessing of fast forwarding. So yes, the production is
epic and the scenery stunning and some characters are worth
following.But the plot devices are so clumsy it is painful! The main
beef I have is with the military campaigns that eat up hours of the
story but NEVER comes to fruition. Instead they peter out in one quick
assassination or a quick battle and the whole thing is forgotten. We
then follow another campaign for hours that ends up in a dead end with
no advancement to the story at all. Also there is way too much sex and
sadism, but apparently people like that in their series. I'm not
anti-sex, I just like the plots of adventure movies to get out of the
bedroom from time to time, although that has slowly been phased out
through seasons 4 and 5. The concept is great and as I said the
production value is amazing but there is no satisfaction to be had at
any point. For me story telling is about watching heroes (sometimes
flawed ones), overcome odds to achieve something that changes things
for the better at some point. But there is little of that if none at
all. All we get is series of overlong cat-fights, doomed campaigns and
pointless travels that achieve nothing in terms of viewer satisfaction.
Killing off main character is all well and good as a shock tactic but
it looses its impact if it happens every 2 minutes and we are left with
no-one to root for, and then what's the point of watching. Then it just
becomes cinematic masturbation of seeing how depraved people can be and
how grand the scenery can be. But as I said all this without the human
element is utterly pointless.
"
"73" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"74" "
GoT used to be the show I couldn't wait for but now i find it stale,
repetitive and the story just isn't moving forward since the end of
season three. Gratuitous violence doesn't bother me if the violence
portrayed is integral to the story or helping to move it forward but
now its just shock and awe meant to appeal to the simple minded. Season
5 droned on for 7 damn episodes of nothing really happening other than
rape, attempted rape, watching a small girl scrub a floor till she goes
blind, barbequing another small girl, more small girls get tortured by
a pedophile in a brothel and the queen is forced to walk naked through
the streets (wow, martin and/or the show writers must really hate
women). I get that the writers want to have intrigue and develop the
political story but they squeezed all the action into the last three
episodes and then it was so predictable, Stanis dies, Jon snow dies
(everybody likes him so of course he has to die), Jamies daughter would
die, Kalesi's flying fire chicken would save her and despite it all the
story has barely moved anywhere in five seasons.GoT is one of the highest production value shows ever made without a
doubt but if HBO seems intent on relying way too much on a set recipe
of shock and awe, naked people, over the top violent situations (not
necessarily violent scenes) and making the audience guess which key
characters are going to die instead of an actual progressive story that
people can remember from season to season I'm gonna tune out just from
pure boredom.Actually I think I'm done with this crap show, I won't support shows
written by pedophiles. Seriously anybody who writes that much sadistic
sex and bad things on women into a story should be checked up on by the
police. Red flag anybody? Ramsey Bolton should peel the skin off the
parents of the child actors for their greed to allow their kids to
participate in such scenes. I know they're actors and it's a TV show
but they are also children! For Christ sake HBO, pushing the envelope
doesn't mean abandoning the last vestiges of human morality for the
sake of ratings.
"
"75" "
I have read the books (the first three I have read twice, the fourth
once). I love the books. So in theory I am pre-disposed to either like
the series or hate it because it is not sufficiently like the books. It
would be damn near impossible for me to judge the series as if I had
not read the books. I have only seen the first two episodes of the
series.All that said, I love the series. The casting is phenomenal. The acting
better than some of the best mini-series. Tyrion is spot on (a
phenomenal acting job and a phenomenal character). Jon Snow is spot on.
Arya Stark, Cersei Lannister, Jaime Lannister etc, etc. The series
clearly gives the feel for the book and is true in its
characterizations. No series will have every plot detail of a book nor
will it have every character exactly as every individual sees him/her,
it can't, but this series is very true to the book, true to Martin's
writing and true to the character of each player. I can't wait for the
next episode. I want to own the series on DVD (Blu ray). I want to go
back and read the books.This Series is a must see in my book.
"
"76" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"77" "
(Minor spoilers ahead. Nothing plot-ruining, I promise.) I don't feel
like I could begin this review without first mentioning some of the
other reviews I've read on here. Considering it currently carries a
9.4, you don't need me to tell you this is a great show worth watching.
But there is something that disturbs me. Just about every 1-star review
I read rates it 1-star specifically because \"there's too much sex!\"
(there's another reason that comes in a distant, but related, second
which I will get to in a moment) Really? You pathetic busybodies who
have never created anything have the audacity to denigrate another
person's work because it's too sexual? This is the problem with
America-we live in a society full of people so enamored with their
hatred of sexuality (and it has to be noted, homosexuality in
particular) that they will go out of their way to drag down anything
that doesn't appeal to their prudish sensibilities. We're a land of
knuckle-draggers and philistines so immature we cannot separate
sexually explicit from pornographic.This is a story about intense lusts and passions---the lust for power,
lust for revenge, lust for companionship and sex and all manner of
things. It's frank and explicit and to eliminate the sexuality is to
eliminate all the power of the story. I will be fair and say it may be
uncomfortable for some, but those \"uncomfortable\" moments will comprise
hardly 5 minutes of your total viewing time every episode, and if you
cannot take 5 minutes of discomfort to enjoy one of the best epics in
modern literature (and now television) you're more than free to return
to hackneyed, deplorable safe-bets like C.S. Lewis.Secondly, there is a sizable minority of posters who say the show is
sexist. A common complaint it's sexist because it reduces women to sex
objects with all of the female nudity---which is the worst sort of
vapid, can't-see-the-forrest-for-the-trees \"feminism\". And ignores the
several instances of male nudity, including a very explicit (but
tastefully done) love scene between two men in the mid-season. But this
show also contains some of the strongest female characters on
television. Yes, one of the main antagonists is a woman (I cannot say
much more without spoiling it) but she is a shrewd, intelligent and
well-developed character who is defined by more than deceitfulness.I've wasted too many words in response, so allow me to summarize: This
is a brilliant show with an enormous cast and plot full of intrigue.
Though the dramatis personae begins large and expands, it is
well-trained on just enough main characters to allow us to connect and
bond with the stars of the cast.Peter Dinklage's turn as the king's dwarf brother-in-law Tyrion
Lannister won both the Emmy and the Golden Globe, and not without
merit. He is easily the most compelling character on the program. My
only complaint is that Tyrion seems to be the only character not
entirely reproduced faithfully from the books. (Although Sansa Stark
does undergo some minor personality changes to compensate for a couple
of the minor characters from the book who were not included in the
television series.) Tyrion's intellectual side is covered in much
greater detail in the books, whereas the series somewhat reduces him to
a drunken lecher with some intellectual tendencies. I understand it
makes for compelling television, but it does sadden me somewhat. I am
hoping with the set up for the second season, we will see more of
Tyrion from the novels.Particularly bold, in both the movies and the books, is that no matter
how central a character is to the plot, it is no guarantee they will
survive. Could you imagine of Lord of the Rings had killed Frodo
halfway through The Two Towers? Infeasible as it may seem, if George
R.R. Martin had written Lord of the Rings, it would be a definite
possibility. There is a sense of danger in this world that epic fantasy
tends to lack, and everything is better for it. While you may find
yourself missing a certain character, a new one will undoubtedly find
itself a place in your heart.Just don't get too attached.Overall: 9 out of 10.
"
"78" "
This review is not about why this show is so great (see my 10 ranking)
but a response to the haters who's comments I can't fully comprehend.If you have never watched this show before and want a true perspective,
see below: 1. If you absolutely \"in your bones\" hate fantasy, then this show is
not for you. Even though this show is 95% about people and their
attitudes toward power, government and corruption, there is 5% fantasy.
If you can't get beyond the 5% then don't bother.2. Yes there is a lot of sex. If this bothers you then don't watch. Is
the sex always necessary to the plot? No, but it also doesn't derail
the plot either. Pay TV like HBO has a lot of sex. If you are a puritan
don't watch. The story and characters are so good that the \"overdone\"
sex scenes are a minor issue.3. Yes there is a lot of violence. If this bothers you don't watch. The
violence is there to serve the plot. This show is a fantasy but is more
heavily based on Medieval history. Would you be shocked to know that
people lived harsh, short and often brutal lives 600 years ago in the
real world. If you want PC and sanitary homogenized entertainment, then
this is not for you.4. Confusing plot- My response is yes and no. Yes, there are a lot of
characters. Yes it is hard to remember all their names. Yes it is hard
to follow all of the character interactions, what they are trying to
do, who that hate, who they love, etc. If you want a TV show that
\"spoon feeds\" you an easily digestible plot and a few easy to follow
characters, then this is not the show for you. If you (like me) like to
be challenged by a TV show and forced to think, analyze, guess and
scratch your head, then you will love this show.4. The acting is amazing- I've seen reviews that \"slam\" all of the
actors. Are all of these people crazy? Have they ever seen good acting
before? Do not believe any of these nay-sayers. Amazing acting and
amazing casting.5. The writing is excellent- Is is Shakespeare? No, but its extremely
well written as is the source material. Since I originally read the
books by George R.R. Martin, I have tried to read other books by
authors like Stephen King, Dan Brown, John Grisham, etc. I've found
that Martin's writing is far superior to these other authors. The
show's writers utilize Martin's prose and often improve on it.6. Stereotyping (typical fantasy stuff)- Wow, I can't believe this
criticism. Well yes.. there are dragons. And yes.. there is magic. This
is about a stereotypical as it gets. The entire point of the show is to
take your typical \"fantasy\" and turn it upside-down. There are no
totally good guys. There are no totally bad guys. Someone you hate in
Season one, you may love by Season 3. Characters also act like real
people. They are fully fleshed and not just cardboard cut out's. I
guess if you are looking for stereotypical fantasy, this isn't it, but
there is no way this is stereotypical.
"
"79" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"80" "
I must say that the realization of this series is astonishing. Acting
is great, image is great, music is great. The story on the other hand
is worst trash. Nobody knows how it will end, but I can tell you,
...unfortunately. It will have no particular meaningful end. Everybody
will be killed or die in some disturbing way, and at the end you will
not remember how and why it all started, which is actually true for the
last few seasons even now. The whole world desperately awaits for a
meaning but there will never be one. Whenever the story will end, it
could have ended equally well after the 1st season. Even in Chinese
movies the tragedy has some deepness, there is honor, sacrifice,
values, and death has purpose, in this one if something resembles to
anything, one can be certain it is just a vessel for surprising the
viewer with another unexpected random death. A pattern emerged and
after 5 seasons any hope for a decent story is long dead. The worst
part is millions of people are disturbed by the story but they keep
looking for the hope it will get better. It never will. When people
wait starts to obviously become annoying the author just kills the main
character, does not matter how, and this way makes the story
unexpected, again. It is so dumb when you actually think of it, that no
one put that before on paper, with success at least. You will probably
continue to watch, and only the end will show you what an incredible
waste of time this TV series was.
"
"81" "
Even if you don't watch \"Game Of Thrones\" chances are you have probably
a lot of friends who watch it and say that it is the best show that
they have ever seen, and can't stop telling you about it. Well i say
that too, because i haven't seen anything close to it. First of all i
have watched many TV shows, both that now i consider good and bad, and
when i say a lot i mean it (The Walking Dead, Breaking Bad, Arrow,
Sherlock, House Of Cards, True Detective...). Now i stopped doing that,
because i realized i was wasting a lot of time watching TV shows. The
only TV shows that i now watch are Game Of Thrones and House Of Cards.
I would say i have grown up a bit in 3 years, but i only see those TV
shows worth spending my time on. Now that i have told you my backstory
i can start praising Game Of Thrones, and saying how everything is
perfect, except i WILL NOT do that. I will tell you what i think makes
this show that good and why you should start watching it, but i will
also focus a bit on the bad sides that there aren't many, but they have
to be brought up in order for you to make a good judgement about it. If
you are expecting a TV show just to spend your Friday or Monday night,
entertaining yourself at the moment you won't get that with Game Of
Thrones. What you will get instead \"Game Of Thrones\" is a big journey,
full of carefully invented events and characters. The characters are
psychologically well described, exactly like people in real life. Each
one of the characters has his goals, motivations, morals and specific
mindset (way of thinking) that the show presents it to you in the best
way possible. If you wan't to understand it better, you should read
something on reddit or rewatch the show, because a lot more is going on
than what you have noticed. It's made in a way that if you think and
analyze the decisions of the characters you will end up predicting how
they will act in the future, like a game of chess. It has a lot of plot
twists that you will never expect and that will definitely shock you
while watching it. The most important thing that makes me love this
show so much is how realistic it actually is. But wait you will ask
yourself this is a fantasy show isn't it? Yes it is, because there is a
world just for \"Game of Thrones\" , with specific history, geography,
politics, holidays, and even the accents of characters who are from
different places in Westeros are specific. It has even two languages
made just for the show with around 1000-3000 words. You can see the
realism in the show, just from it's motto that it is \"All men must
die\", meaning that everything can happen in the show just like in real
life. There is not a main character that beats all the odds and lives
happily forever after. No every character in \"Game Of Thrones\" has it's
good and bad sides, ups and downs, and most importantly everyone can
die in any moment, there is not coincidences like in other movies or TV
shows, where at the end the character will be saved by some miracle or
a coincidence. The show doesn't have a hero, nor a villain, but it
makes you decide for yourself who the hero is and who the villain is.
What i think makes this show the best of them all is that it can be
watched by any audience and still be enjoyed by everyone. Whether you
are an intellectual and a very educated person or not very much
educated (no offense to anyone), this show has something for everyone.
Whether you are watching it for the dragons, the middle aged theme, the
sexual scenes, or like me for the game of chess that's going on in it
from the start, you fill find something that will hook you to it. I CAN
PROMISE YOU THAT! What i would say that people don't like much about
it, it's the start of the show. It takes some time to meet and get to
know the characters, and when you start, you will not have much to go
on, but when you finish the first few episodes it just won't leave your
mind. I want to thank you for reading this rather big review, but i
think you will find it very helpful considering my experience with TV
shows. And yes, Game Of Thrones is really my number one favorite. PS. I
apologize if there are a couple of grammar mistakes, that's because
English in not my first language. Wish you all the best :)
"
"82" "
For years I have heard just how great Game Of Thrones apparently is so
for Christmas I decided to get all six seasons of the show and I have
now finished them and I absolutely love this show. The premise of the
show sees 9 different families in a constant battle to attempt to claim
the coveted Iron Throne and the rule over the 9 Kingdoms. There are so
many characters in this show so I will really just talk about the main
characters. Peter Dinklage plays Tyrion Lannister in this film and he
is such an amazing character, he is very charismatic and you care about
his character so much. He is one of the most interesting characters in
the show and his character really develops as time goes on. Lena Headey
plays Cersei Lannister and she is one of the best villains in recent
memory. She is very complex and you see her character really bring the
intrigue and Headey does such such a good job at making you hate her
but at times also care about her and situations she is sometimes put
in. Emilia Clarke plays Daenerys Targaryen who is adamant about her
claim to the throne. Clarke does a great job in the role and even
though I haven't always been the biggest fan of her story I thin k she
does a great job with the character. She manages to combine toughness
and loving very well and it makes her a character you can root for. Kit
Harrington play Jon Snow, he has an interesting back story at the
beginning of the show but sometimes I felt like his performance was
pretty wooden. But as the show progresses his character becomes much
better realized and his performance becomes allot better and you really
do end up rooting for his character. Sophie Turner plays Sansa Stark
and similar to Snow I didn't find her character to be that convincing
at first, but as the show progresses and Turner matures she gives a
great performance. Her character really develops and watching it makes
her a much more interesting character. Also credit has to go to the
characters of Joffrey Baratheon and Ramsey Bolton who are two of the
best villains ever portrayed in a TV show or movies. The story can
become a bit convoluted especially as the seasons progress, I Love the
majority of the story arcs mainly because of the entertaining
characters and great moments that it provides between them. Sometimes
there is just a bit too much going on but overall I really enjoy the
overall story going on in the show. The script for the show is
fantastic, the drama mixed with humor really makes these characters
feel alive and human because they talk like exaggerated versions of
normal people. There is allot of very bad language in this show but it
adds to the grittiness of the show and how real it can feel. The style
of this show is brilliant, with its dark tone feeling real and this
show definitely provides some of the most disturbing things I have ever
seen that may not be suitable for some people. The battle scenes
especially get better as the show progresses and it is some of the best
medieval war scenes that I have seen ever. Overall this is an amazing
show that should definitely be tried by all.
"
"83" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"84" "
I don't understand, why negative reviews. Its a fantasy show and so
watch it, enjoy it and judge it on what it is trying to show. Story of
power and just power and just power. The actors outstanding, story line
outstanding, locations outstanding, villains outstanding, fight
sequences outstanding, simply out and out brilliant. his is an artful
series; the script is intelligently written, the show is well-acted,
and the direction and cinematography are easily on par with any
Oscar-nominated film. It's easy to get drawn into the machinations of
Westeros; the show is compulsive viewing. There are moments of brutal
violence and sexuality that might pull viewers who aren't ready for
them out of the narrative. Certainly Westeros is a dark world inhabited
by some very disturbing characters, but the violence is at times
lingered upon in a very unsettling way. Although these moments may be
mitigated by later plot developments, that doesn't change their impact
as they happen. For viewers who can tolerate these incidents, the
merits of the series may win out, but it won't be for everyone. Watch and you will certainly love it. Full marks to the show.
"
"85" "Add another review"
"86" "
This show is from another level, really!Yes I've read the books, but still, I love Game of Thrones. Sure,
season one is a little bit slow, but it's for your own good because
there are hundreds (probably even more) of characters that you need to
get to know before the adventure can start. Still, season one ends with
a bang! (So please, don't give up too soon... You'll regret it)The story is rather complicated, but the acting, special effects,
storytelling, music, ... everything is so well executed! Even if you're
not a fantasy fan, I highly recommend you this show!But please. Don't get too attached to a certain character, because...
valar morghulis.
"
"87" "
They say Great things come in small packages and in the case of Peter
Dinklage that could not be more true, every small nuance of Peter
Dinklage in games of thrones is nothing short of Genius actor who can
capture the moment and make me appreciate the art of role playing, the
cast is very talented but i was hypnotize by his role and the way he
carry out the story line ,not many people can understand the difficulty
of casting a serious role due to his measurement but for me he is the
tallest actor in the cast and the one who i enjoy the most. i thank the
production for casting him and i hope to see more of this little genius
on the big screen.best regards Ilan more
"
"88" "
This show has dominated the Spring of my life for the last 6 years and
each and every season has been well worth the wait. This is the
greatest show of all time and the only show that might rival it would
be band of brothers or breaking bad. The book being brought to life in
front of us with stunning scenery, brilliant writing and out-of-this-
world acting. GRR Martin is one messed up dude but has created a
masterpiece. The brilliance in the show is the individual dialogues
that take place watching the true greed of man take place in the south
while everyone seems to be completely forgetting about what is north of
the wall. I would recommend this show to anyone with a heart that can handle
extreme drama, in-depth characters and possibly the greatest on
television acting performance from Peter Dinklage. This show truly has
my vote for the greatest television show of all time and the main
reason people can't get into the show is that they lack the patients or
attention span to focus on the show. You do actually need to watch the
show to know what is going on. 10/10
"
"89" "
After watching the first episode, I was instantly hooked. Game of
Thrones is one of those rare shows that has everything it needs to
qualify as a spectacular television programme: good quality dialogue,
intriguing characters, stunning cinematography, well- choreographed
battle sequences and plot lines that have been crafted and developed
with fastidious care. It is of the medieval-fantasy genre, which will surely appeal to fans
of the Lord of the Rings trilogy and other such works. But it is more
than this- it is able to weave elements of political drama with the
fantasy, something that is most noticeable in the King's Landing
story-line. This provides a contrasting sense of realism that makes it
more engaging. One of my only issues with the show is the overabundance of characters
across the seasons, which has led to a lack of character development in
certain characters, like Stannis Baratheon, whose story-line has
continually bored me. Such excess characters decrease screen-time for
other more interesting ones like Tyrion Lannister, Daenerys Targaryen
and Jon Snow, who have more to offer in terms of their emotionally rich
journeys.Other than that, Game of Thrones is a show that continues to grow as
each season passes, and never fails to surprise, which only serves to
increase the amount that viewers invest themselves in the characters.
Although it has been panned by some people for its 'gratuitous sex
scenes' and 'excessive gore', personally I think it adds to the show's
portrayal of a gritty and corrupt medieval world, wrought by chaos and
destruction.Overall, I would highly recommend Game of Thrones, particularly to
those who enjoy medieval-fantasy and political dramas. It is totally
worthy of all the hype that it has going for it :).
"
"90" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"91" "
Absolutely amazing show. The thing that makes Game of Thrones so much
better than any show I have ever watched is the story lines, in every
episode there is about 3 main story lines going on while 1 or 2 side
stories are also going on. So you have a variety of stories to look
forward to. The next great thing about this epic show is the
characters, there are so many characters on Game Of Thrones that when i
first watched I couldn't keep up with all the names. A Hero can't be a
hero without a villain and this show has some pretty messed up
villains. Like the boy King Joffrey for example who terrorized Westeros
for 3 seasons, or the even crazier Boltons who just love to skin people
alive. For me this show has so many episode highlights but here are a
few I'd say are what makes Game Of Thrones the epic that it is. Baelor,
The Rains of Castamere, The watchers on the wall, Hardhome, Battle of
the Bastards, and The Winds of Winter. Those are just episodes I
consider a perfect 10 out of 10. Although there are many other episodes
that I'd say are pretty perfect as well. Overall I give Game Of Thrones
a 10 out of 10 because of its variety of characters, it's multiple
story lines per episode, and the epic battle scenes we see through the
course of the show.
"
"92" "
Game of Thrones, what can you say! I imagine everyone has seen it by
now and either love it or hate it! I did both, I hated the first
episode I saw but gave it a chance and now love it! I have many questions about Game of Thrones like why was John Snow
initially only suppose to be 16 years old when he looks 25? I would have liked different actors playing main roles like Amelia
Clarke who really can't act but seems to be popular due to the dragons!
Can't viewers recognize bad acting these days! The last few seasons have been a tad INSULTING to the viewers
considering we only get short seasons! The first few seasons were
sensational with constant story progression and episodes full of drama
highlighting most of the families in the show. I can't believe viewers
like episodes that seem to be lazy and cheap to produce and focus on
one thing with no story progression whatsoever. They throw in a dragon
scene and everyone goes nuts and thinks the show is great except for
those who have a brain! I hope the next season goes back to the original formula of the
intricate story line and constant story progression!
"
"93" "
Bindge watched the entire series, and found it impossible to turn away.
There is a character for everyone to get caught up in. It has all of
the elements to keep even the most frugal audience riveted. I found
multiple characters and story lines that captivated my viewing
attention. Every season has a great number of suspenseful plot turns
that will most certainly surprise you. Just when you think you know
what will happen, things can change drastically. Even when a character
is perceived to be dead, there is always a chance that they can be
saved through the wonders of witchcraft. The kingdoms battle each
other, only to prepare for a battle of the ages with the White Walkers.
Winter is surely coming, so be prepared to get beyond that wall and
suited up for the war.
"
"94" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"95" "
Game of thrones is one of the greatest shows out there. It has an
intriguing story filled with action, drama and suspense. A truly
remarkable series. The characters are incredibly interesting allowing
the spectator to establish a clear connection with them. Moreover, the
magical and supernatural elements the shows has are spectacular. The
plot of the story is breathtaking which captivates the audiences
interest within minutes of each episodes. Although the first two
seasons were good the seasons that followed were absolutely
astonishing. Overall, I recommend this TV show to anyone as it appeals
to a large audience. Lastly, I strongly believe that game of thrones is
a work of art. It is one of my favorite TV shows and I am sure that
whoever watches it will like it immensely.
"
"96" "
A little about the show: the show takes place in an alternate world
that is so meticulously set out that one would think that it's real.
Each house's history is so complex, the characters so realistically
dimensional that I'm not sure I was watching a documentary or a
fictional show. This, however, is not a series about fighting and
bloodshed. This show is all politics and relationships between people,
classes, and races. So now, after watching six season of this show, I
am a total Song of Fire and Ice junkie and I have gotten my whole
family hooked on this show as well. Do I recommend this TV show? Well,
only if you are not scared of being blinded at the brilliance of this
show. However, \"Game of Thrones\" totally blew me away. Even for HBO's
standards, this show is just epic. I rate this show an firm 10/10.
"
"97" "
After watching till S04E08 I want to tell all Book readers & Non-Book
readers,Don't talk against \"Game of Thrones\". I know that \"A Song of Ice and
Fire\" is way way better than the show. There is no doubt about that.
But can you imagine 20 million people reading 10 chapters of book at a
same time and talking about it. No.That is no way possible. So this
show has given opportunity to enjoy this EPIC story together. We should
be grateful for that. GRRM himself said that \"It's like my dream come
true.\" I'm also angry at unnecessary changes from book but prefer to
let it go.
"
"98" "Add another review"
"99" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"100" "
I've never read the books. (This post may contain spoilers)So if you're anything like me, you're going to want to hold on for well
the ride of your life. Trust me, you've never seen anything like it.
Get ready to have your mind blown and keep the tissues ready. Oh yeah,
you're gonna need them. (Even you, boys) The World of Westeros and Essos was a complete mystery that took my
breath away as it carefully, strategically and most of all enchantingly
unwind-ed with every episode. You see, George, Dan & David are all very smart. Do not underestimate their tenacity with which they deliver to us the
most brutally honest and fascinating stories of these multifaceted and
extraordinary characters.Oh the things they will do for - love, honor, duty, power and the list
goes on. I'm not going to tell you anything specific about the show, because
going in not knowing anything is the best way to experience Game of
Thrones. I didn't know anything and thank god for that! It really was love at
first sight.(I really do wish I could experience the magic once again)Enjoy every second of the brilliance! Get ready to love and hate the
world of Game of Thrones! When you play the Game of Thrones, you either win or you die. Brace
yourselves because Winter is Coming!Valar Morgulis!
"
"101" "
I have resisted watching this show for so long, but I have succumbed to
the madness... and I must say that I am entirely mesmerized! I'm
someone who prefers comedy to any other genre (mainly because this life
is dark enough, so I'd rather have some laughter)... The first episode
I saw was S06E09 Battle of the bastards (it was an accident, I was with
\"the wrong crowd\") and the next day I was just too intrigued, and
mostly baffled, cause I had no idea who's who, etc. Anyway, I never
write reviews or anything, but since that day, it took me 7 days (and
nights) to watch the entire show (I basically canceled all my plans and
went on HBO Go to watch it) and I just had to share my love for this
show! P.S. I'm off to buy the books and read them ASAP! (:
"
"102" "
I started watching Game Of Thrones when season two was coming out. I
had heard from other people that season one was absolutely brilliant
and I thought, I better give this show a watch.We are now up to season seven and I have loved every minute of this
show. I don't think I've ever seen such production value and quality in
a show before. From the acting, to the effects (both visual and sound),
to the action sequences, to the very look and feel of the show.The cast are all fantastic and you will quickly start to figure out who
are your favourite characters. The story is intriguing and this show
will keep you watching in anticipation to see what happens next.There's not much more to say about this show other than if you haven't
watched it as yet you are doing yourself a serious disservice.
"
"103" "
This show is MASTERFULLY produced, with a writer like GRRM that isn't a
sell out you can be certain that plenty of respect is given to the
books story lines. There are no mobs of angry book fans like so many
other adaptations. The development of characters, the intertwining of
plot lines, the acting, locations, wardrobe, set dressing- every hair
on every head and every jewel on never neck is flawless. Just an
absolutely captivating series. Here are my two wishes:1) Ed Skrein to play Daario Naharis instead of the current vanilla dude
2) For me to never know of GOT until 10 years from now, so I can watch
all 15 seasons in a row without waiting. Then die happily of
malnutrition and skin ulcers. Yay :)
"
"104" "
Great series. Better late than never! A series which will be released
in-depth of all individuals and one for an identification of a middle
age universe.I love how the author takes you along on a long unpredictable journey
into the magical universe where the battle against good and evil plays
a large roleGame of Thrones beats all the movies and all series!To call it a series is almost a shame because it feels like a long
incredibly good movie.I am amazed almost in love.
"
"105" "
Game of Thrones is easily one of the best shows on TV at the moment
along with Breaking Bad, and is perhaps one of the finest ever. The
detail is incredible and every episode is superb. Peter Dinklage is
entertaining as are the rest of the cast, but with such great detail
into the whole world of Westeros it's easy to understand why every
character is so enigmatic and wonderful- whether their evil like the
tyrannical King Joffrey or kind-hearted like Emelia Clarke's Daenerys
Targaryen. Season 1 is probably it's best so far, but with episodes
like 'Blackwater' and 'The Rains of Castamere' each season is assured
to be a thrilling watch, worthy of your attention. Any show that can
fearlessly kill off some of its best characters and maintain the same
level of class like Game of Thrones does deserves attention and this
series, despite taking a while to reach a pivotal point, is continually
intense and never, ever boring.
"
"106" "
GAME OF THRONES is based on the novels A SONG OF ICE AND FIRE, a
fantasy series by American author George R. R. Martin. The series
contains five books so far, two more will follow. The plot takes place
in the mythical continent of Westeros, which is comparable with the
European medieval. There are several powerful families or houses which
are permanently fighting for the \"Iron Throne\" of Westeros. GAME OF
THRONES combines epic adventures like in THE LORD OF THE RINGS with
political intrigues and interpersonal issues like in THE SOPRANOS.The actors are well chosen, most of them fulfill the image I personally
had in mind when they were described in the books (unless they changed
the outer appearance of some characters on purpose - for example one
character has blue hair and a blue full beard in the novels, in the
show the kept his outer appearance more usual). There is a huge amount
of characters introduced, for non-readers the overview can be difficult
to keep; That's why you always should pay attention, especially when
new characters are being presented. The huge amount of characters does
not lead to a chaos without any system, it all makes sense if you keep
an overview.Season 1 keeps as close to the novel as possible, when you read the
book not long ago, you will even recall specific dialogues. In seasons
2 & 3, the HBO directors digress from the novels very slightly, but
don't worry - the changes they made aren't really important, it's often
just budget-forced; sometimes characters are left out or two characters
occur as one.When you hear about the show, many people say it's just about sex and
killing one main character after another. Don't listen to this! Well,
there is a lot of sex, but that's not what it's about. GAME OF THRONES
shows how the European medieval could really have been - dirty,
treacherous, dishonorable and inequitable. The point of killing main
characters is true; George R. R. Martin is ruthless and does not care
how beloved his characters are - when they need to die, they die. That
doesn't mean, any death of a character is random, even if it seems this
way at first. When the story goes on you will realize that every death
has its purpose for the plot.A major point that makes GAME OF THRONES one of the best books/shows in
the past decades is the actualization of good and evil. There are only
a few characters who are clearly considered as \"the good ones\" and even
less, barely a handful of \"evil ones\". Every character has his own
goals and achievements he wants to reach, just as ways to realize them.
It's up to you if you support one specific character or not. There are
many plot lines with different characters, some of them you will learn
to love and some of them you will learn to hate.If you enjoy the fantasy genres in general and are looking for a show
full of tension, exciting plot twists and with an absorbing, really
huge plot, then GAME OF THRONES is a must see!
"
"107" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"108" "
After watching The Sopranos and Breaking Bad I saw the 9.4 rating of
game of thrones and read the overwhelming reviews by critics.I am not
interested in fantasy genre,especially over-hyped harry potter,lord of
the rings and star wars.At first I thought game of thrones was
something for kids and geeks and nerds,something with sword fighting or
cult dialog. But boy,after watching the pilot I was so amazed I got
hooked immediately. Stannis Baratheon and Tywin Lannister and my
favorite.I still remember the speech by Tyrion in S02E09,'Those are
brave men knocking on our door,let's go kill them!',his facial
expressions were so real,the director is a real genius! Having said
that,I have and will not watch any other fantasy series or movie if it
isn't as good as game of thrones.
"
"109" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"110" "
This Show has everything! Smart conversations, great story line, sex,
violence, betrayal, death, magic and dragons! When I first started
watching it I didn't have any idea what to expect, I was just looking
for good shows to watch, but I got hooked on it from the beginning. The
creator of the books is know one of my favorite writers. I just bought
all 5 books and started reading them and I can say that the first
season of the series is exactly the same as the first book. Can't say
for the others cause I haven't read them yet. I recommend that you read
the books too, for they are beautifully written and and I guarantee
you'll enjoy them as much as the show. It has a lot of different
stories intertwining and progressing at a slow pace but delivering an
interesting and unpredictable result. For example, the death of Ned
Stark, who seemed to be the protagonist of the show at the first
season, left me and the other viewers surprised. So next you would
think that his first son who later became the 'king of the north' would
rise and avenge his father's death, but after three long years of
seeing him on the show and beginning to believe that he will succeed
and win the throne, he got killed along with his wife and mother at a
wedding. In each movie or series the protagonist usually doesn't die,
or at least dies at the end, which makes you not actually worrying when
he is in danger. In game of thrones though, you never know who's safe
or not, and that's what makes it so interesting to watch! ''In game of thrones you win, or you die''
"
"111" "
I have not read the books, A Song of Ice and Fire by George R.R.
Martin, nor have I watched the show live from the beginning years, but
I had heard good things and a lot of hype about Game of Thrones, so I
thought, as a fantasy and medieval type fan, I would check it out. And
boy, am I happy I did!! From the very first episode and particularly
about midway through the first season, I was totally hooked onto this
show.Now, you learn pretty quick the mood and tone set by this show. I am a
huge fan of The Lord of the Rings and to a lesser extent the Chronicles
of Narnia, but this show, even though at times feels like those, is
really anything but. It has a much darker, meatier edge to it,
sometimes almost feeling too intense for some people. Due to this, it
will certainly not be a show that will please all audiences, but for
others, it will make what is great about this show, the
unpredictability. What makes this show so special though is the story of all the
characters, the sets, and the writing. Also, when I say all the
characters, I mean ALL the characters as there are at least 20
characters that you will know by the time you have caught up watching
the show thus far. Though its very complex and sometimes can feel hard
to keep up with every character's story, the show does a brilliant job
at balancing all the character's off that you feel like you know each
and every one individually. The dialogue between the characters feels
fresh, intense, and just down right gritty. But its this dialogue that
keeps you focused throughout every scene. The cast also is simply
incredible led by Peter Dinklage as Tyrion Lannister, Emilia Clarke as
Daenarys Targaryen, Lena Headey as Cersei Lannister and Maisie Williams
as Arya Stark. Again, with all the characters, that is only a select
few, but others are just as deserving of these accolades.I personally caught up with the show in just under one week watching,
as I absolutely did not want to stop watching, wondering what would
happen next in the revolving story as your feelings towards characters
change, and characters you grow to love suddenly have things, let's
just say, don't go quite the right way for them. I am not going to compare it to other classic shows of the past, as I
have never been the biggest television watcher. But all I can say is
that even though this show has a lot of things that are quite intense
in the form of violence, language or nudity, it doesn't ever feel like
its the focus as the real themes here are family, politics, and
loyalty. It's an experience to watch each and every episode, and I
can't wait to continue on the journey with all these characters. As
Daenarys says most notably in one scene: DRACARYS!!!
"
"112" "Add another review"
"113" "
Now that I just finished the first two seasons I'm seriously surprised.
This TV show is truly something to be amazed about! Right now I'm
really trying to find a flaw in it but I just can't. I thought of
everything, the pacing, the cast, the direction and I even dared to
question the amazing production value! But i couldn't find a single
main thing, maybe the occasional out of pace scene but nothing to
distract you if this amazing journey. Let's start with the plot, it is
an adaptation of the famous series of novels A Song of Ice and Fire
from George R. R. Martin. Like you guessed I haven't read them but I'll
congratulate George for such a deep and rich universe and characters!
But you are gonna ask, can this show really pull you into this story
and make you like the protagonists? The answer is: ABSOLUTELY! I found
myself cheering for Tyrion as he led his forces in Blackwater Bay! I
liked hating Joffrey's guts and seeing what other horrible things he
could do! And I liked immersing myself in Jon Snow's journey to the
mysterious and wild lands that lie North of the Wall! The story is so
engaging and it never gets lost in the overwhelmingly big cast of
characters. There were a few times where I said \"woah, who was this?\"
or \"what was this dudes name?\", but nothing overly complicated. The
actors are great, they are full of charm and fit the characters. The
ones that really stood out where Peter Dinklage as the smart and
cunning Tyrion Lannister, Sean Bean as the honorable and loyal Ned
Stark and last but not least, Jack Gleeson, playing the and sometimes
chilling Joffrey Baratheon! Another thing I want to talk about is the
astonishing and amazingly crafted presentation. It takes you in... no,
it sucks you into this world and makes you care about it and feel part
of it. I swear every time I see it I just sit back and enjoy my time in
Westeros.
"
"114" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"115" "
I watched Season one when it aired and this prompted me to read the
series. Season one was very true to the books but season two was not! I
understand that since the books are so large the writers cannot fit all
the material in the show. This is fine. However, what is not okay is
completely changing certain story lines and characters. Season two did
this too much! I did not enjoy it as much as season one. Just to name a
few - the nights watch story line, Dany's story line, Stannis, theon. I
know I'm not the only one who thinks this- I've read several articles
online and even non book readers have said season two dragged and was
kind of boring. Anyways the reason I gave the show a 10/10 is because
they have redeemed themselves with season three! This is one of the
best books in the series, so action packed! And the writers have done a
great job showing this on television! However, I do highly encourage
everyone I know who enjoys the show to dive into the books! They are
beyond phenomenal and you will not be disappointed- I promise!
"
"116" "
I'm just joining the choir in saying that this is a truly amazing show.
There is very little negative to say about it. Everything clicks
together: the acting is beyond fantastic, the production values
massive, the visual design convincing yet just otherworldly enough to
feel unlike our reality. The dialogue is truly exceptional: In this
series simply watching two characters talk can be just as, if even
more, exciting as any swordfight or heroic quest. All the major
characters are well-rounded and excellently cast. A special mention
must go to the child actors, all of whom are simply fantastic in their
roles. Despite there being a ton of characters they all have a part in
the story, and the individual stories rarely drag on.It's actually easier to list the few nitpicks one might have about this
series than try to explain all that is good about it. First, some of
the characters sometimes border on caricatures, especially King
Joffrey. Second, the massive amount of nudity and sex feels at times
gratuitous, sometimes hanging on the edge of good taste and can make
you feel slightly dirty watching it. Third, though not much of a
criticism, more of a thing to be told is that there is some grisly
stuff on display in the series which can be hard to watch, especially
during the second season.But beyond those three tiny nitpicks, one can find very little to
criticise about this series. This is, quite simply, one masterful
series, and is showing no signs of slowing down.
"
"117" "
By writing this review I know am not adding anything further than what
all the other top reviews have said. However I felt the need to spite
the terrible narrow-mindedness of the low reviews of this show.Game of Thrones is another exceptional piece of television produced by
HBO. The depth and breadth of the series plot and it's characters is
incredible. I've not seen anything as impressive on television since
Battlestar Galactica.If you are having doubts due to the shows minority of naysayers, don't!
This is quality entertainment and television as it should be. The
writing is gripping, the production values astounding, and the
performances by the cast a joy to behold. If I had only one criticism of this programme is that is TOO GOOD and
it is very cruel to make us wait so long for it's further instalments.
"
"118" "
Best series I've ever watched. Couldn't be drawn away from watching it.
Spent 2.5 days catching up with the series and now eagerly await every
episode to come. The characters are well cast and all very good actors.
I haven't read the books but I'm going to. I really like a few
characters but the thing with George Martin (the author of the books)
is that he kills off some of the characters you tend to love which
makes you become emotionally attached to the series even more to see
how those characters closest the dead one cope! Its like a web full of
little links and thats what makes it unique. The storyline is
fantastic. I love the fantasy and magical qualities it has. The
filming, producing and editing is also fantastic. Its just AMAZING. I'm
completely hooked and obsessed! Once you watch there's no turning back,
you'll be hooked from start to end of every episode. At the end of each
episode you're left with a cliffhanger which then in turn makes you
watch the next, and so on. A truly fantastic series and I look forward
to every episode!
"
"119" "
Never having read the books, and being pressured for months by my
in-laws to see this, I had the very great pleasure of being able to
watch the entire first season consecutively in one day.By the time it finished, I was checking the date for the second season
to start, hoping it was tomorrow. Sadly, I had to wait with the rest of
the world.My first experience of George RR Martin was back in the 80's with the
Wild Cards series of books, which engrossed me with the way each
character's story intertwined with the others, how events experienced
from the perspective of one would be impacted upon others. To have many
authors involved in developing separate characters each was a
masterpiece of editing.To have a sense of uncertainty about what might happen next is a
difficult thing to bring to any story, with most plot lines having been
subjected to a standard format and the characters being stamped out
copies of the common stereotypes.Martin seems to have brought a great part of that early concept of
straying from the norm to this world, with the unexpected twists
following a far more intriguing storyline than the average TV show,
where the big names always make it to the end of the episode with all
of their parts intact.From Epic scale ideas, and subtle (and at times not so) hints at a rich
past full of the best kind of myths, we begin to see the weave coming
together on several levels. The way in which personality traits of
characters are maintained in the face of life and death decisions
brings an authenticity to the progress of events.The separation of information that allows each thread to play out
without being warped by events in another thread, that couldn't and
shouldn't be known, is a key component in bringing drama to the table.Besides all of that, the casting is good for the most part, and with
believable performances it is easy to find more than one character to
care about, to invest some emotions with and to hope for.
"
"120" "
Finally someone has done it. At last there is a book to screen
adaptation that is satisfying for those who have read the book. I
actually find some of the characters more engaging than I did when I
read the novels. Robb is a good example of this.Do you like fantasy with: sword-fighting, dragons, magic, politics,
good acting, & good writing? If you said yes then watch this as soon as
possible. Of course I should mention that this series is not for
children. If you have read the books you know what I am talking about.The production design is great it is great to see places like The Wall
realized on screen. Quarth is quite nice as well.I am quite pleased with the direwolves as well. I was a little worried
about how they were going to turn out but they look amazing in the
second season.
"
"121" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"122" "
The story itself is something special - similar with Harry Potter and
Lord of the Rings - it takes the audience in a different world. The
story is well written and makes emotions - mostly those emotions that
you want to become a part of that world, you want to experience the
fights, you want to see dragons in life. So the TV show, what is based
on such good story, doesn't need that much - just not ruin the story.
And this show does that. The cast is good, the bad thing is that there
are some actors changing for the same roles - I don't know why they are
doing that, but as a huge TV show, you should evade that by any means.
That is making the viewer disconnect from the story. Anyway - the cast
is good, the story is unpredictable (if you haven't red the books),
everything seems as real as possible - real emotions, real fights, real
dirty bastards doing faul things - no sugarcoating.For those, who are rating this as a less than 7 - you should be banned
from watching anything ever again, because you don't understand
anything about TV/movies. If you rate this as a 1, you should be
removed from this earth, because it proves that you have no logical
sense and you are a probable mass murderer :)
"
"123" "
To start I must say I have read all the story published so far. And I
have watched every episode shown so far. In that order. Usually I keep
my thoughts to myself, but seeing the last season(4) in TV, I have
picked up the quill to express my gratitude to the actor or the person
responsible for picking up Mr. Pedro Pascol to play the role of Prince
Oberyn Martell. SUPERB!!! I am in awe and that role or acting is a
definitive measurement for me. It just surpasses the character I had
pictured in my mind by so far, that I am speechless. Unexplainable. And
that is in addition to already the excellent acting work (greatest of
all time?), performed by Peter Dinklage and Jack Gleeson (whom I
suspect everybody watching, are hating). Highly recommend!
"
"124" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"125" "
Amidst the wasteland of self-righteous, formulaic, procedure driven cop
dramas and mindless \"reality\" shows, this is a true gem. With Game of
Thrones, HBO has taken a huge step toward redeeming itself for the
truly boneheaded decision to end the great -- and still missed --
Deadwood series without true closure.An original, imaginative and unpredictable storyline, awesomely staged
and brilliantly performed by actors -- many now famous and others soon
to be -- Game of Thrones is really \"TV worth watching.\" Already into a
fourth and well deserved season, every episode to date has never failed
to exceed the highest standards anyone could set for TV entertainment.
I only hope that it lasts another four years in order to really play
out the fascinating details and intricacies of its characters.One word of warning: do not get too attached to any single character.
In this fantastic world, any(!) one character could and can die at any
time (hang on Maisie Williams/Arya Stark!). The game of thrones is a
truly deadly one. Just sit back and enjoy.
"
"126" "Add another review"
"127" "
Quite a slow start in my opinion, but oh my mother of dragons it became
good! I could make a list of perfect things in this TV-Series so long
so you had to sleep before you were done reading, but I'll keep it
short! The acting was so freaking good, especially from Jack Gleeson
(Joffrey Baratheon) whose head you want to crush until there's no life
left of him. Then the music - so excellent! When I first heard it it
was almost as if I got goosebumps. Well, it doesn't surprise me now,
when I've seen how perfect everything is in this TV-Series. When I first started watching this show I wasn't satisfied, but that
was mainly because I watched like 10 minutes and wasn't patient at all.
My friends and my brother made me give it another try so I did, with
the thoughts of negativity towards the show. But the more I watched,
the more I saw what a masterpiece of a TV-Series this was. Now I've
even bought the books in hope of one day read through them all...
(Halfway through the first one at the moment). Can't wait to see how it
all turns out in the end!
"
"128" "
Most of television drama show has the something that they all share it,
as the same, 99% of the series are one side character, in which its the
story of one man/woman, while the rest of the cast rust being just
sidetrack or supporting, in the Game of Thrones which its based on *The
song of ice and fire Novel* its on a league of his own, because the
show has so many lead character and there is not a single person that
can be pointed as the main character over the others, the plot its just
wondefuly written with many plot/twist.its a survivor story in which there are so many possibilities, many
character with complex personalities and morality, this its not the
typical show with Good guys vs the bad guys, its all about scheming and
backstabbing.
"
"129" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"130" "
Game of Thrones is an epic medieval show, that is, from the looks of
it, had a big budget that is utilized nicely and well executed. And
takes a lot of time, but that's reasonable. Also, it is based on a
series of books. Although, I admit that I haven't read the books yet,
but if this is really based on the book, I can imagine that the book is
also terrific. About the budget that I mentioned above? Let's talk
about that.Plot: Well, the plot is based on the book, and it's a story about
political control and power, hence the name of the show. Now this is
where the show shines; there are lots of unexpected turn of events and
twists that will jump at you. Even the main character could die, or the
least unexpected one could die all of a sudden. Because of that, you
will never know who are the protagonists on this show. Unlike the other
shows, the protagonists survives, fights the antagonists, wins and
saves the day. This show isn't like that.Props/Materials: You can see that they really had spent the budget on
the props and decors that well. They're really decent. Their props had
a simple, if not, nice design. Like the tents in Tywin Lannister's
camp, decorations in the King's Landing castle, their weapons. Not to
mention the needed extras. That would take a lot of work and budget.
Soundtrack: Orchestrated medieval soundtracks. While they're not much
significant in the middle of the show for me, I really love the music
on the opening intro. Actors: Great acting, and you never see someone
who puts their head or looks in the places that they weren't meant to,
and has a pale acting. I didn't see anyone that look liked they were
struggling with acting. Characters: I haven't read the book yet as I
said above, so I'm not sure that the personalities of the characters
are different apart from the book. But chances are that they are in
their same qualities and background when compared to the book. This
show has lots of characters that you'd love to hate, you'd love
plainly. But great, nonetheless. Effects: The opening title is
astounding, that it looks like it's also an intro from a Blizzard/old
school Age of Empires Strategies game. While effects aren't much that
present in this show, they're lifelike and well looking. Two examples
are Daenerys' dragons and the blizzard behind the icy Wall.Overall: The tension in seasons increases as the plot passes. This is
an example of a show that has a big budget and it was used well. And
also, the reason while they only film 10 episodes per season and why
they take much time. It's quality is very high that it looks like
you're not watching a TV show but a movie instead. For those who are
going to start in season 1, it might seem boring, weak and chaotic at
first, you might have no clue what is going on in the first place. By
the time you start season 2, it's different. I really like this show
because it somewhat depicts the system and the society in the medieval
times.
"
"131" "
I am not a fan of this genres or dramatic TV shows in general but after
the recommendations of few friends and the IMDb user review rating for
this show, I thought to myself, well, I should sit down and watch at
least 1 episode and boy was I glad I did.I went through 3 seasons in a couple of weeks and I am left speechless,
blown away, hocked - more like addicted, crazily in love, and can't
wait for season 4 to start.While it is true that few actors, maybe one or two, are a little wooden
in their acting range that did not put a dint in the overall experience
watching this series. By far and by any account and measurement this TV show is absolutely
the best thing to ever make it on TV. I just finished the third series last night so I am still shocked by
you know what.....
"
"132" "
Have you ever watched a show so good that you try to get your friends
to watch it to? Game of Thrones is that show.Game of Thrones premiered 2011 on HBO and I was lucky enough to watch
it then. Usually I don't catch these great shows until they are almost
done. Game of Thrones setting is the Seven Kingdoms of Westeros and
follows struggles between the nobles for the Iron Throne. Ensuing
threats continue on in Essos and the North. A main inspiration for the
series is from European history including England's Wars of the Roses
between 1455-1485. The series delves into Western high medieval Europe.
This show is based on books and had a massive budget to start, plus
plenty of promotion. The show has been parodied by famous comedians and
has a cult following. This will be one of those shows that people will
be sad to see end. - Asif Zamir
"
"133" "
The first thing you need when making a television series on this scale
is a very good story. George Martin wrote and continues to write a
magnificent story that in many ways is on a scale similar to Lord of
the Rings. It is more than just a fantasy adventure, it is an entire
world, full of different cultures, languages and history and everything
that comes from it, good and bad. What makes the television show so good is that it follows the story
closely, deviating only when it must to suit the audience needs and
visual requirements. No matter how good a television show is, the
viewers imagination is less engaged than a readers and therefore must
be served sometimes a little more blatantly.The story is in a way simple, even with a few separate areas of
intrigue slowly converging, but the characters, their history, their
reasons, they are complex and as such you can't just tune in and expect
to be rolled along from battle to battle with the hero saving the day
and winning the girl. In my opinion to truly enjoy this you need to have read at least the
first book if not all of them so far. The books build the world in a
way that it is difficult for a television series or film to do. The
detail combined with time and your imagination are what makes it so
impressive. The negative comments I've seen here all appear to stem from that very
issue. No plot they say, yet there are many and they are so realistic
it's fascinating. Too much sex and gore, yet this is a medieval
setting, a very real and not so distant past should tell us that life
in those times and places was often grim and usually short. I even saw
one who scored it 1 out of 10 and opened with \"I don't like fantasy
stuff\" which reminded me neatly not to have the omelette for lunch as I
don't like eggs.Read the books - watch the show. But pay attention. Life is interesting
because of the little things, the details, the nuances. That as much as
the visual effects and scenes is what makes this a television
masterpiece.
"
"134" "
Up until recently I was a big fan of HBO's adaptation of GRRM's A Song
of Ice and Fire, there were minor changes in season four and some very
dodgy pieces of dialogue written by the show runners but it now seems
they were just testing the waters for something much worse.I understand that the books themselves have a lot of detail, too much
to properly translate onto the screen but the show seems to have gone
wildly off the rails, cutting characters and sticking characters where
they shouldn't be and throwing out their story arcs. It's all just so
two dimensional and boring now, the world doesn't seem to have any
depth and the dialogue is absolutely terrible, more to the point events
that hold a huge amount of weight (Ramsay, Reek and Fake Sansa) have
been removed making one of the cruelest characters in the books seem
completely benign.Boring, I have dropped my score from 9 to 5, It would be lower if I
hadn't enjoyed the previous seasons.
"
"135" "
An epic tale of the struggle between good and evil. Game of Thrones is
stunningly beautiful and a work of art out of the ordinary. Rarely have
I been so moved by a movie / series. A must not only for those who
enjoy a fantastic medieval adventure, but also for those who wish to be
blown away by a brilliant storyline, strong characters, unexpected
twists, beautiful scenery, captivating dialogue, fast paced action
scenes... I could go on forever. You will hate the evil characters and
love the good ones, or the contrary if you wish. To feel such strong
feelings for the characters in a movie / series is the ultimate proof
of what masterpiece Game of Thrones really is.
"
"136" "
Where to even start...? This HBO TV Series is absolutely awesome!
Without giving anything away, the show gives you all the drama and
action you can ask for. From lies to war to sex to death, it's all in
there.Not only is the acting spot on but holding true to the books written by
George R.R. Martin are excellent. There is a little ad hoc changes but
the books and the series is pretty much on par. What is like about the
series is the realistic feeling of really being part of the action and
part of the fantasy world. This is a huge bonus for followers of the
books and series. Another bonus is that George R.R. Martin is not afraid of to stay from
the status quo from other genres of this type. Mr. Martin has
repeatedly said that no one is safe in his books. This is awesome as
your always on edge awaiting the next moves from the key players in the
show. This is an absolute must see TV series.
"
"137" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"138" "
I'm a big fan of the show. After the phenomenal 1st season I went to
the library and borrowed the first four books and started reading them.
I must say that Martin's way of structuring the story and the amount of
characters makes the reading quite difficult. Somewhere in the middle
of the fourth book I gave up and decided to watch the show first. The
second season was great, although mildly slow-paced. Enjoyed the slowly
increasing supernatural elements like Lady Melisandre's magic, the
horrible walking dead and, of course, the dragons. The last two
episodes were action-packed and left me yearning for the next season.
Now I'm watching the 3rd season only one day behind the original
showings in the US and I must say that it is breath-taking! The action,
the characters, the pure evilness of the characters, the fantastic
elements, the effects and settings.. the sinister dialogs (especially
Tywin's \"heart-warming\" moments with his children Tyrion and Cersei),
ahhhh, this is something never seen on TV. Having read so far, I think
I know what is happening in the last two episodes of this season, and
without spoiling anything I can say that the viewers will be
stuttering! Can't wait to see how the story continues on the screen.
Extraordinary work, HBO!
"
"139" "Add another review"
"140" "
George RR Martin's A song of Fire and Ice is as epic and fantastic a
series,set in the sword and sorcery mold as there ever has been. It's
longer then the Lord of the Rings and five times as engrossing. The
Game of Thrones TV Series is just as great. It's a grand story filled
with heroics. Villainy and Magic of the darkest foulest kind. But
unlike The Lord of the Rings. The Games of Thrones also has another
edge. Politics,and family loyalities. Betrayal and manipulations that
seem impulsive have resounding consequences. This is maybe one of the
few shows on TV where actions have reactions The Walking dead is the
other show where this has happened. For all of it's grandeur and glory.
This is one of the only shows on TV Where it doesn't have any flaws.
It's that good. OR if it does have flaws we're too busy having a good
time to notice them. Subtle hints are tossed thru out the show as to
what is going to happen. You just have to keep watching to see if
you're right or wrong.Imagination is king. And this show is full of imagination. It's full of
the stuff that makes Legends. Each episode makes you want more. and the
story carries you along relentlessly and mercilessly. You are caught in
it's grasp. and you are going to thank God that you are. Because it's
the best kind of trap to be caught in. Nothing is what it seems. And
little things mean big things. And Evil walks the world some disguised
as humans. Some disguised as monsters.While Heroes look like ordinary people or look like monsters the only
thing separating them is the actions of their hearts. And the Game of
thrones plays on.
"
"141" "
Before I start, let me say that I watched the first two seasons without
reading the books, but after season two I was interested enough to read
all five novels before season three. In this way I have the perspective
of both a watcher and a reader. The purpose of this review is to help
people decide whether or not this show is for them. A Game of Thrones (and the series of novels that it is based on) is
somewhat unique in its story telling. Although it is a fantasy world,
it is more based on our actual history than previous fantasy writings
such as Lord of the Rings. It is also very dark, depicting many events
that would have (and often did) take place in our own medieval time
period. For these reasons, it is very difficult for some viewers to get
into the series without previously reading the books. After reading some of the more negative reviews here, I feel the need
to clear up some of the main criticisms. There seem to be three major
complaints:1. It is too slow. Do not make the mistake of thinking that this is an
action show. While there is a lot of fighting, it is often split up
between a ton of politics, history, and character moments. This is a
political drama, and the characters come first. I for one really enjoy
the \"slower\" moments and find the dialogue just as interesting as the
battles. If you like constant action and battle sequences, this is not
a show for you.2. Too much violence and sex. This show is not meant for the squeamish.
It deals with many themes that are normally shied away from. The
violence isn't constant, but when it arrives it is realistic and
gruesome. The blood and gore is meant to emulate real injury and death
in order to add realism. There is also a lot of nudity and sex. I will
actually agree that the nudity sometimes goes overboard, but again, the
show attempts to represent reality, and sex and nudity actually happens
in real life (if you can believe it). If you cannot handle nudity and
violence, this is not a show for you.3. There are too many characters and plots to keep track of. Yes, there
are hundreds of characters, spread out over two huge land masses, each
with their own back story, motives, and positions. There is a history
to the world that stretches back thousands of years, with epic events
and battles. And there are many different kingdoms, all battling to
better their own political position. It is not impossible to fallow (as
some reviewers will have you believe), but it does require some time
and patience to understand all of the people and the history. If you
have trouble focusing, this is not a show for you.If you got past these three major criticisms without second guessing
yourself, and you like fantasy, there is no reason that you shouldn't
like this show. Everything from the story, to music, to set pieces, to
wardrobe, to acting and beyond, is top notch. It may take a few
episodes to be fully immersed, but once your into the show its hard to
get out! 10 out of 10.
"
"142" "
I have been watching the tube since they were small, round and black &
white back in the early '50s and Game of Thrones is the best production
I have ever seen - by a wide margin. Everything about the show is off
the charts from the writing and acting, to the sets, costumes and
locations this show just plain keeps you on the edge of seat for the
whole time you are watching. And, then you can't wait for the next
episode. Fabulous storytelling a Tour de Force in the arts. This is
must see TV and TV at its best. You used to have to go to the movies to
an \"A\" movie at that to come anywhere close to the quality of Game of
Thrones. This masterpiece of art touches the viewer's emotions in deep
places and that is what great performing arts is all about. You either
love of hate these characters who are brought to life so vividly by the
actors and writers and directors. And, what is very interesting is you
see the characters evolve before your eyes and your feelings toward
them change as the tug and pull and rejection and revulsion work their
way into your consciousness. Viewers feel passionately about Game of
Thrones. I can't wait for next season.
"
"143" "
I just had to make an IMDb account specifically to rate this show.
There are a lot of ridiculously harsh reviews of this show that I find
absurd.The most common complaint seems to be too much sex. This is an HBO
show. Yes, it will have more sex than any show you find on regular
cable. But does it really have more sex than The Tudors or Spartacus,
two really great premium channel shows? I find a lot of the sex is
necessary to define the character's personalities and motives. The
writers had to be creative here because it's not as if they can just
describe the characters exactly the way the author described them in
the book. People tend to show who they really are on the inside when
they are having sex.There seems to be a lot of viewers that don't like the show because \"it
isn't the genre they care for.\" If you watched this show and expected
it to be anything less than an a violent, vulgar, epic, sexy fantasy
story, then you must've been prepared to watch Twilight, and not Game
of Thrones.What makes this show so great is how quickly the story can change, even
when it seems to violate TV show norms (i.e killing off a main role).
Unfortunately, we can't really give the writers credit here, as they
are just following the story.Game of Thrones almost seems like it was written to be a TV show in the
sense that it is entirely unpredictable. If you've never read the
books, you will NEVER be able to guess which direction the show will
start to go in and just when you think you've got it all figured out,
something will change, leaving you guessing again and just dying to
know what happens next.
"
"144" "
Cruel, bloody, vulgar, Machiavellian, unrepentant. And that is just the
writing. The camera angles, the score, the pacing mesh together for
grand storytelling: a mix of horror, swords and sorcery, and endless
treachery. And all of that would be somewhat squandered if it wasn't for the best
casting I've ever seen. From Lena Headey as soft spoken Cersei to Peter
Vaughan as ancient Maester Aemon, each character pulses with depth and
believability. Peter Dinklage may have sacrificed a virgin princess to
get this role; I've never seen a better fit, not in size (though there
is that) but in the way his eyes convey shrewd arrogance coupled with
unabashed debauchery.Can't wait for season 2.
"
"145" "
I wanted to wait with reviewing the series until I have seen at least a
couple of episodes. Today I watched the second to last episode of the
first season (episode 9). I am amazed and flabbergasted how incredibly
brilliant this show is written, how amazing the actors act and the
editing has been done.When watching the first 5 minutes of episode one I already fell in love
with it. It feels like you're watching a movie, rather than a series.
Although if it had been a movie, it would not have been quite as much
detailed as it could have been. Therefore the series are excellent in
explaining the complete story.I have not read the books myself (although it had been recommended to
me several times over the past few years but I never got around to it.
According to other people this stays very true to its original
storyline.You can expect gore and sex (elegant and not hardcore porn). Sometimes
I would not advise to eat anything or to have a full stomach. It is a
very raw storyline about the brutality of medieval times, combined with
some fantasy. However in an interview with George R. R. Martin, the
writer of the books he states that 'too much magic can ruin a story',
and I completely agree. It is a brute, raw, painful and beautiful story
to watch.This is by far the best series I have ever seen and would probably be
amongst the best movies I have ever seen.
"
"146" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"147" "
They have left some things out (direwolve pups, a few back stories) and
actually added more sex or at least a little more descriptive than the
books. Story is Pretty accurate to the book though. Oh and the opening
scene I don't remember the bodies in the snow being dismembered so
badly (a nice addition). They may be pushing the story a little fast
but they have not left out anything really crucial. Those who bitch
about this show should go read the book, because they wouldn't bitch if
they knew what was in store for them. Great Start! Its not always easy
to accurately depict stories in books to the screen. I cant wait for
the next episode tonight. *edit/update* after watching last nights
episode i guess they did put the dire wolves in (musta missed it in
episode 1 or something). It also made me realize that they progressed
everyones age about 3 years. I guess they didn't want to show a 13 year
old (Daenerys) getting nailed. HaHa i totally agree that that was
necessary for television.
"
"148" "
Review of Season OneAn outstanding television drama that helps set a new benchmark in terms
of quality. Yes, GAME OF THRONES is really that good; it's television
on a game-changing level and easily the equal of the similarly
brilliant ROME. Based on a series of novels by George R. R. Martin,
this is an example of the fantasy genre at its best and I'd even
consider it better than the LORD OF THE RINGS trilogy! The complex
storyline involves the battle for supremacy between various political
factions who dominate a worldscape that's as involved and complex as
anything Tolkien could muster up. Each episode is riven with treachery,
backstabbing, allegiances, betrayals, friendships and battle. Each
episode is packed with danger and unlike the cosy TV dramas put out by
the BBC, you're never sure if a character you like will make it to the
next episode. Many don't.As this is low fantasy rather than high fantasy, the fantastic elements
are kept to a minimum; there are some barely-glimpsed moments involving
supernatural creatures but the emphasis is purely on the humans
involved in the story. One of the reasons I like this series so much is
that much of the material is clearly based on moments from our own
history; the kind of civil war that brought England to its knees in the
Wars of the Roses is evident, while the Dothraki's tribal movements
recall the Mongols. Yet the fantasy setting allows Martin to give free
rein to his imagination so you never know what's going to happen next,
unlike with historical dramas constrained by facts.There are 10 episodes in this first season and every one's a stunner,
perfectly paced with a mix of exposition and action. The scripts are
intelligent and insightful; each writer knows that it's the characters
who make or break a show, and every single one of them is interesting
and engaging. Despite the huge cast, it's easy to become familiar with
the main players. It's hard to single out any actor for praise: Sean
Bean, Lena Headey, Mark Addy, Maisie Williams, Emilia Clarke, Aiden
Gillen, Iain Glen; none of them put a foot wrong, they each inhabit
their role with so much depth that you forget about the actor and focus
on the character instead. Peter Dinklage is perhaps the luckiest,
capturing a truly scene-stealing character with wit and warmth.Review of Season TwoSeason 2 jumps straight into the action and carries on from where we
were before. It's impossible to say too much about the many twists,
surprises and genuine shocks in the show without spoiling it, but
overall GAME OF THRONES remains a realistic, harrowing and
exceptionally involving piece of television. A complex tableau of
characters is woven and yet despite the complexity of geography,
politics, allegiances and history, the viewer is never left confused,
not even for a second. Season 2 ups the ante with even more explicit
sex and a key climactic battle sequence that wouldn't be out of place
in the likes of LORD OF THE RINGS. Despite these cinematic elements,
however, the focus remains on intricate characterisation and that's
what holds this show together, no matter how many truly fantastic
elements are thrown into the mix.Review of Season ThreeSeason 3 offers more of the same, with some particularly vicious
torture sequences and lots more twists and turns as the plot develops.
And while it's hard to pick out a season that's superior to the others,
I can safely say that, when it comes, the Red Wedding is undoubtedly
the highlight of the show so far; a stunning, unforgettable set-piece
that never lets you go. Strong stuff indeed, just as I'd expect from
what is the best thing on television at the moment.Review of Season FourThings remain on a high-quality level with Season 4 of the show, which
I think is an improvement on the previous season (as good as it was).
There's no long-winded journey here with characters meeting their
inevitable fate in episode 9 as there was in Season 3; instead it all
feels fresh and inventive, and all of the major story lines are packed
with peril and incident. Neil Marshall's epic battle in episode 9 is
the highlight, but Peter Dinklage contributes some excellent acting and
Rory McCann has never been better as the Hound. By all accounts this is
the last season to stick closely to the plot of the Martin novels, so I
can't wait to see where Season 5 goes.Review of Season FiveSeason 5 sees the show no longer at the top of its game but it still
packs a wallop as a prime piece of TV and it nevertheless knocks spots
off the competition. I'd probably give this a 9/10 purely because some
of the scripted lines are weak, there's a greater reliance on
extraneous sex and nudity than in the previous couple of seasons, and
some of the characters could have been written better. It's nonetheless
as rousing as ever, with some great twists, some truly shocking
character deaths, and stunning production values. The first seven
episodes build up to an electric trio at the climax, with the episode
'Hardhome' containing the best set-piece of the entire series so far.Review of Season SixSeason 6 picks up from the previous season to provide a better quality
viewing experience all round. Gone are most of the extraneous story
lines, with only a handful of dumb humour scenes left in. Things feel
more vital here, more important than ever, and more dangerous. I
particularly liked the way that the writers go out of their way to
re-introduce old characters and tie up loose ends which they do very
well. As before, things build to an incredible last couple of episodes,
and as ever I'm left eagerly awaiting the next series.
"
"149" "
Lord of the Rings it ain't... and I mean that most definitely as a
compliment to Game of Thrones. Don't get me wrong, I liked Lord of the
Rings, but the 'Seven Kingdoms' of Game of Thrones is a spectacularly
unpleasant place to live, as any show set in what is essentially the
Middle Ages should be. If you find subject matter such as extreme
violence, bad language, rape, incest and just generally very unpleasant
behaviour unpalatable, maybe give it a miss. It's an HBO 12th century
thing with, so far, mild supernatural elements. Two and a Half Men it
is not.Sean Bean plays Eddard Stark, the main character and puts in a solid
performance, for the moment, never sure how long anyone is going to
live in this show. I was always quite fond of the guy, this is by far
his beast work to date. Also a shout out to Peter Dinklage, who has the
somewhat depressing honour (for all other \"dwarfs\") of being the first
\"Dwarf\" to receive a decent roll in a film that doesn't mock him. Quite
the opposite in fact, he plays an intelligent, womanizing, cunning and
witty person who so far is, in my opinion, the most likable, and it has
absolutely nothing to do with 'Aww he's a \"dwarf\" and he's just like
us', nah, he's an incredible actor that plays his role with utter class
and completely convincingly, and after two episodes was able to make me
forget about the brainwashing that Hollywood has inflicted on most
people about, and I don't even know what is the politically correct way
to say it, so \"dwarfs\". I apologize to Peter Dinklage if I got that
wrong.There are a considerable number of important characters in GOT and at
times it can get a little confusing, but you have to stick with it,
it's worth it, and you DEFINITELY have to watch it from the beginning.
If I missed an episode I'd be totally lost.The investment in everything from costumes to CGI has in no way been
short changed, HBO pulled out all the stops on this one, which, I hope,
means they're not going to just drop it (at least without giving it
some kind of ending, as they DIDN'T with OZ for example).This is my first review, I'm aware it might not be great, but if you
have a thick skin and can handle unpleasant content, then this show is
definitely worth watching, but again, start from the beginning and
watch as intended, don't try to \"cheat\", you'll only cheat yourself.This and The Walking Dead are the best TV shows currently on TV, but
this, so far in my opinion, still has the crown.9/10
"
"150" "
Having heard much and more of the popular HBO series Game of Thrones, I
decided it was time to journey to Blockbuster and acquire mine own VHS
copy of the show. So I loaded up my VHS rack, five of my favorite dogs,
and a Costco-sized box of Reese's peanut butter cups into my trusty
Honda Accord.The only Blockbuster still in business is way in the South part of
town, so I was in for a long quest. If it wasn't for the sugary
sustenance provided by the Reese's cups, the companionship provided by
my dogs, and the listening pleasure of \"The Lord of the Rings\"
(unabridged) on cassette tape, I could have very easily gone mad.Although many long years had passed, Blockbuster was just the way I
remembered it. The same off-white plaster, squarish building, with
blocky Blockbuster lettering on the front, and the promise of a
plethora of VHS tapes within.\"I come seeking the Game of Thrones,\" I told the young man at the
counter. \"On VHS. Please bring it to me forthwith.\"The young man, who's naming plate said Scott, was a dubious knave,
clearly of lowbirth. He squinted his vacant eyeballs and knitted his
bushy, bear-like eyebrows and said, \"I'm sorry, but we don't carry that
on VHS.\"\"Do not play such games with me, boy,\" I warned him. \"I see your Game
of Thrones display right before my own eyes.\"\"Yeah... those are DVDs. I can rent you a DVD?\"\"A DVD? Do you take me for a fool, boy?\"\"Hi, I'm Adam, the manager,\" said a trollish-looking imp-man. He had
long snaggly yellow- brown teeth, and two large, watery eyeballs that
seemed way too large for his head. \"Is there a problem here sir?\"\"This guy wants to rent some VHS tapes,\" said Scott, the idiot.\"Okay. I understand. I am very sorry sir, but we no longer carry VHS
tapes at this location,\" said the imp.What game were they playing here? A video store without videos. A
riddle worthy of my late tutor, Brometheus.Clearly they were both liars. For some reason they didn't want to rent
me the Game of Thrones, but why? What secrets were they trying to
conceal?But I was tired from my long journey. And I was starting to crash from
the sugar from all the peanut butter cups I had eaten. And the sound of
the dogs howling from the car reminded me that I hadn't fed them or
given them water in a great while. I had no choice but to leave this
cursed place.\"Psst.\" On my way out of the Blockbuster, I heard a strange sound.
\"Psst. Hey buddy. I heard you want a VHS.\"There was a hairy, hunchbacked man standing half in the shadows. He was
clad in stinking garments. He smelled like a rancid applecart full of
old cheese and rotting apples.\"I got all kinds of VHS-es,\" he whispered breathily. He opened his
cloak to reveal a hidden collection of VHS tapes, more than one could
count.\"Do you have Game of Thrones?\" I asked.\"I have Game of Throats,\" he replied. \"It's basically the same thing.\"\"Fine, I'll take it.\" I gave him five dollars.After watching Game of Throats several times, I have come to the
conclusion that the production values are poor, and the script is
pretty weak for an HBO series. But despite all that, it is just as
captivating as everyone says.
"
"151" "Add another review"
"152" "
I too have eagerly been awaiting this show, hoping against hope that it
would actually be GOOD. I'd rather shove razors into my eyeballs that
watch disappointments like Legend of the Seeker, Robin Hood, or any
other pile of recent Hollywood \"glop\" that is passing itself off as
fantasy fiction TV these days. Luckily, Game of Thrones lives up to its
hype and, in my humble opinion, may actually change the way fantasy
television is made from now on.Reviewers in this thread have already provided the basic outlines of
the story, so I am not going to bother with that. What I will do is
provide the top six reasons to watch this amazing series:1. It has child actors...and usually I avoid shows with child actors
like the plague. They irk me. But Maisie Williams (Arya Stark) and
Isaac Hempstead Wright (Bran Stark) actually give two of the best
performances in the series. They aren't the type of child-actors that
you feel like giving a good smack to. 2. It is dirty! That's right. Not everyone wanders around with modern
hair-dos from Rodeo Drive, and never gets dusty. People are costumed
and adorned as they would have been in medieval times. Does Lady Stark
put on a fancy new dress when the king comes to town? NO! Do the
villagers all have perfectly-laundered and pressed garments? NO! Are
the castles and palaces all sparkling clean? Heck NO! This really just
adds to the realism of the whole series.3. Peter Dinklage. Even if the character of Tyrion Lanister had been a
regular-sized man, this performance would still be Emmy-worthy. After a
while, you begin to forget that Tyrion is a dwarf, until he reminds
another character of it in the story. He is the perfect, drunken fool
with a brain born for stratagem. 4. The Opening Sequence: The theme song is one of those tunes that will
get stuck in your head for days. That's a bit annoying, but having the
clockwork map in the opening sets up everything beautifully. A viewer
gets an idea of the scope and world of the series.5. The Sex: Some people have been whining about it. Well, this show was
never meant for Mormons (no offense to Mormons...I watch Big Love too).
Often shows have these boring, long, speeches of people explaining
things. They go on and on and are necessary, but DULL AS DITCHWATER.
What Game of Thrones does, is allows characters to give these endless
expositions that viewers NEED to hear to understand the story, while
also throwing in a bit of raunchiness. It works! No longer boring. 6. Lena Headey: I bet everyone thought I was going to mention the
performance of Sean Bean. Yes, he is perfect for his role. But I think
Ms. Headey really shines as Queen Cersei. She's definitely the
villain...yet you can't help but like her a bit. She has this amazing
smirk too that almost looks like she is about the laugh and cry at the
same time. You can see there's always a lot going on in her head, but
can never tell what that she's actually thinking. Where do her actual
loyalties lay? It's a mystery...and that makes her character even that
much more intriguing. So, those are enough reasons for now. There are countless more. Watch
the show. And if you don't like it? Well, you're either dead inside or
simply dead.
"
"153" "
I never read the \"A Song of Ice and Fire\" series, so maybe my unbiased
opinion can be of use.From what I've seen from the TV show (2 episodes), I can assure you
it's up to HBO's high standards.The fantasy elements are minimal in the first episodes, with only the
chilling opener and some dragon eggs that seem not entirely dead ;) So
what we now essentially have is a dark medieval tale. I'm wondering how
they will roll out these elements in the next episodes.The atmosphere is extremely grim to American standards and the
storyline will grab you by the throat from the very first scene.It has complex characters, all with their own agenda, which you just
can't label \"good\" or \"evil\". They behave like normal people would. It
is totally believable. No formulaic \"comic relief\" , no \"cute\"
characters... How confusing this must be for some people :-) This is a
series that doesn't threat its viewers as children and entirely lives
up to the hype.An excellent job, HBO
"
"154" "
I only began watching HBO productions a few years ago, so I had some
catching up to do. I started with the Sopranos, and a fine choice it
was. Ravenous for more of the same high quality, character driven TV, I
turned to Deadwood. Again, my selection was rewarded with some
absolutely tremendous viewing. Entourage, the Wire, Six Feet Under,
Band of Brothers, Oz and Rome all continued to satisfy my viewing
hunger. Then all of a sudden around 2009. It all stopped. Nothing new
was out there from HBO.Then out of nowhere in 2011, like a Mike Tyson right hook, WHAM!
Boardwalk Empire came along. 12 joyous episodes of the highest quality
TV around.Then at just about the time I was recovering from the sheer joy of
that, Game of Thrones came to air. Not a big fan of this genre, I sat
down to watch it with a critical eye.....Eight episodes later, my critical eye has decided that this is probably
one of the best scripted, most perfectly cast and absolutely gripping
TV series I've ever watched.If like myself, you are a fan of complex human dramas, if you don't
mind a bit (well a lot!) of violence and nudity, and if you love a good
deal of intrigue, then this is undoubtedly a show you will enjoy.Again, HBO I salute you!
"
"155" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"156" "
And the above comment is high praise indeed from me. See, I had heard
of the Song of Ice and Fire books, but most of what I'd heard about
them focused on the \"political machination\". So, not being a terrible
fan of politics, I gave them a miss, thinking they might be dry and
dull.Then along comes HBO's serialization.....and I'm hooked! First episode
has the promise of more traditional fantasy tropes in the form of
undead monsters, along with THE most impressive opening credits scene
to any show I've watched. To summarize, the credits show you the world
of Game of Thrones, with the important areas paused on and expanded.
Basically, a camera fly-over of the world. It sounds a lot less
impressive than it actually is.Then the story begins. At this point in the first episode I knew
absolutely nothing about the setting or characters. However, despite
the depth of the setting, I never felt like I was lost, or that I had
no idea who was who or what was going on. It explained enough to keep
me happy, but did not try and deluge me with information.There is also an energy to the series that was infectious. Although
there are (as yet) no major action set-pieces, the show moves along
very smartly, feeling neither rushed nor dragging. And the ending of
the first show pretty much guarantees the viewer will tune in next
week! So it was with me, anyway. Not only that, but after the second
show, I ordered the first of George RR Martins Ice and Fire novels. I
felt there was more that I could know about certain things that weren't
really explained well (such as the tree in the opening credits), and
not just could know, but wanted to know.I've now read the first two novels, and have the third to hand. I'm
very much impressed by how faithfully the series has adhered to the
novels. Yes, there are occasional scenes missing or added, usually to
streamline the information flow, but all the characters are there and
the plot is, so far, 99% identical to the books.Also impressive, is how adult the series is. The novels never skimp
from showing the brutality and sordidness of mediaeval life and neither
does the show. I've just watched episode five and the \"breastfeeding\"
scene (which I was sure would not make it into the show having read the
book) and it is very creepy to see.As for sets they've not skimped on location shooting, nor have they
shied away from other effects. The landscapes are sometimes startling,
and the combat effects are gruesome rather than gory.Acting all around is superb, especially given some of the scenes the
characters have to act out. A particular favourite is Peter Dinklage
who plays Tyrion (perhaps my favourite character from the books) with
such wit and dry humour that it's hard to imagine anyone else playing
the role.If there is any criticism I can level at the show so far it is that
some of the characters have had their motivations telegraphed a little
too much so far. But it is a different medium from the novels and the
audience does need to know who to root for to a certain extent as there
are so many characters.All in all, I'm very impressed with the show and hope that it continues
for a long time. I know the second season has already been ordered
(presumably following the second novel's story, which will be a riot!)
but I'm already hoping for a third season. The show is that good.I don't know how much money HBO have spent on the show, but it does
show. There are no Hercules costumes here.If Lord of the Rings is the epitome of fantasy movies, then so far,
Game of Thrones is the epitome of fantasy serialisation.
"
"157" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"158" "
Having only read the books myself once, but living with a walking
encyclopedia on the world of Westeros, I was very, very, very excited
when I heard the books would be coming to TV. Hearing that they'd be
done by HBO made me even happier because the story wouldn't be glossed
over or sugar coated.The first episode in my opinion was definitely a good introduction to
the story. You get a general feel of the characters, their back stories
and their current situations. However, you're also deeply left wanting
to know more about certain characters, like Ned Stark's sister that
Robert mentions, or Jon Snow's mother (still an on-going debate between
me and my living encyclopedia).As far as the sex, violence and language go, I feel they are totally in
line with HBO's standard, and in line with the book. People who
complain about there being too much and compare GoT to Rome, may I
remind you of all the graphic sex scenes and nudity in that show? At
least in GoT (so far) we have not had full frontal nudity shots, like
the one received from Octavia (I'm pretty sure that's in the first
episode...?).I think this show has real potential and promise. People who aren't
familiar with the world of Westeros might have a hard time accepting
some of the things in the books, like the Doth'raki wedding scene, but
there scenes in Lord of the Rings that can be hard to accept the first
time round too ;) All in all, I am happy with the show, I believe it
has stuck to the book much better than most book-to-TV adaptations, and
wait on pins and needles for the next episode.
"
"159" "
While I'd heard of Martin and his work, I came to the series not having
read the books. The show so far has lived up to my expectations with a
well-assembled cast and the budget to explore the visual depth of a
richly-drawn mythos. It is an HBO production and as such nudity and
unflinching portrayal of more brutal aspects of their lives was to be
expected. People in early history were much more intimately acquainted
(no pun intended) with sex, bodily functions and death than many
sanitized accounts would lead us to believe, so I find it adds an
earthy realness to the story rather than distracting from it as
gratuitous. Looking forward to the rest of the season!
"
"160" "
Ever since the first book was released in 1996, I have been an ardent
fan of the Song of Ice and Fire books by George R. R. Martin; the
series is one of the best fantasy novel series ever written in my
opinion. As such, I have eagerly anticipated the TV adaptation of the
books. Now that season one has finished, I feel I am able to give a
complete and fair review of this show.Season one of Game of Thrones does an excellent job of staying true to
the first book of Martin's series named, not surprisingly, Game of
Thrones. The plot of this book revolves around three major story lines:
the political tensions on the continent of Westeros that eventually
lead to a conflict known as the War of the Five Kings, the exiled
princess Daenerys Targaryen who plots to reclaim the rule of Westeros
that her family has ruled for nearly the last 300 years until Robert's
Rebellion (yes, the same King Robert Baratheon in the show), and the
awakening of an ancient evil known as the Others in the north beyond
the Wall. The show aptly captures the essence of each of these three story lines,
tying them together cleverly so that the audience sees how each of
these three threads are being woven into one overarching plot. Given
that even 10 hours worth of material is not nearly enough to tell the
full story in the book version of Game of Thrones, the writers of the
show should be applauded for brilliantly transferring to the small
screen all of the foreshadowing, character motivations and
personalities, cultures, drama, politics, and emotion of the book.The acting is top notch. Nearly every actor brilliantly portrays their
characters just as they are portrayed in the books. It is worth
watching these episodes over and over again just to see their
performances. Even the children actors do a fantastic job. The sets and
costume designs are also very well done - I wonder if there was any
collaboration with those who worked on The Tudors, a somewhat similar
series on HBO that reminds me of this show in terms of set and costume
designs. Now on to the parts of the show that I felt like were disappointing.
Even though HBO apparently sunk nearly five million dollars into each
episode, the show still felt low budget. Perhaps the most disappointing
part of the show was the fact that most of the action scenes from the
book were either emitted or harshly truncated in the show. The
choreography of the few action scenes that were in the show were
mediocre, I felt. Given that the story largely revolves around a war,
it is a bit silly to not even attempt to show any of the battles in
this war. Budget constraints are no excuse - the History Channel does a
fine job of portraying epic historical battles using almost no budget
at all.Some other rather disappointing facets of the show that reeked of low
budget was the fact that nearly every scene was a scaled down version
of the scene from the book (save for the end of episode 9 - now THAT
was brilliantly executed). For example, Khal Drogo's khalasar is a
horde that consists of about forty thousand warriors alone, and yet no
more than about 10-15 are shown at any one time. The result is that the
viewer never really realizes how powerful Khal Drogo is and why
Daenarys is such an important character. HBO could have used a little
bit of creative CGI to easily show the true scope of many scenes from
the book. The direwolves were also conspicuously absent throughout the
show. In the book, they played a much larger role. I will say that I
was pleasantly surprised with the CGI in the final scene of the final
episode, however. Now why couldn't such CGI have been used for the
direwolves? Budget constraints, I know, but come on, HBO had five
million dollars to work with per episode - that's not exactly a
shoestring budget (though admittedly, not such a large budget either -
consider many one and half hour movies have cost over 100 million
dollars to make).Another complaint I have with the show was some of the unnecessary sex
sequences. Given the gritty realness of the books, it was certainly
necessary to show sex and violence in the show to adequately capture
the mood of the books. However, HBO went way overboard here. Given that
it's important to squeeze as much plot as possible into every episode,
unnecessary and extraneous sexual sequences serve absolutely no purpose
other than to mollify desperate and horny teenage boys, and in fact
cheapen the importance of the main story lines. I had the same
complaint with HBO's The Tudors as well. So overall, this show did an excellent job, with some glaring
exceptions. To sum up...PROS: Excellent acting, excellent portrayal of the plot, mood, and
characters from the book, excellent sets and costume designCONS: Flagrant lack of action sequences, including failing to show
battles in a story that revolves around a war, scaled down scope of
many scenes, the direwolves didn't get the screen time they deserved,
and unnecessary sex scenes.
"
"161" "
Despite being acquainted with Martin, and multiple recommendations of
the books by friends of good taste, I have never read the series. I saw
trailers for the HBO series, and they looked lovely, but my wife and I
never quite found the time to try it.A couple of days ago my wife wasn't feeling well, and we wanted to
watch something...and a teaser about the second season caught our eyes.
We both admitted to curiosity, so we started the first episode.The next day we finished the last of the ten episodes making up the
first season. We never do this kind of viewing marathon, but Game of
Thrones grabbed us completely.The acting varies, sometimes by intent and sometimes by the capacity of
the actors, but the overall quality is far above average for TV drama.
The cinematography is superb. There are visual elements from the season
that I'm still processing two days after the marathon. (The last
television I saw that had this combination of beauty and quality was
Downton Abbey, and I never would have thought to link the two until
this moment.) Best of all? There is a strong story, with multiple
lines, and I have to think about and figure out the ways in which it
works. Nothing is handed to me, and I often have no idea what will
happen next. I have a chance to discover this world, and figure out
parts, at least, of how it works.I have been delighted by the first season, and now am eagerly waiting
until the second season begins. I have a nasty feeling that I have the
first book in the series lurking in my bedroom, and I don't know
whether I can resist the urge to begin reading....
"
"162" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"163" "
Fantasy... Is there a more difficult genre for TV? It is so hard to
make a great show, and so very easy to completely ruin it. Experience
has taught fans to be cautious as they've dealt with countless
disappointments. It also skews opinion for the general audience
(whatever that means, I rarely generalize), yet, I believe it somehow
does.So, you've been hyped? We all were, which intensifies all positives and
negatives. I won't praise it too much, other reviews do that quite well
(and not quite so well). Here I'll try to address the people who
haven't seen the show and are trying to decide whether to watch it, or
have seen some but are still undecided whether to keep watching.
Therefore I look at what turned most people away (from what I've read
so far). The confusion. There are many characters in A Song of Ice and Fire and
really no easy way to introduce them on screen. They all play a
significant role and although things will be omitted, it will still
be... epic. The first episodes will be the most difficult to follow.
HBO know this and are trying to relieve the problem with various
features and guides. Go check them out if you were frustrated by the
scope of the show. It really has to be given a chance, at least several
episodes, in order for it to work. The sex and violence. There is a lot of sex and violence, I agree. But
is it really that much different from other shows by networks
unconstrained by ratings? Boardwalk Empire, True Blood, The Tudors, and
so on and so on. Would it be a different story if this wasn't fantasy?
Perhaps. Have in mind that all of this is much more prominent in the
books (without being anywhere near a theme), it's not thrown for the
sake of it, and it serves a purpose - to build the characters. The plot. Someone said predictable? This is one of the most
unpredictable stories ever told. It's big and complex and it goes to
places you'd never expect. Or wish. It's not history, so there are no
moments like \"Anne Boleyn? I know how this one ends... Just a matter of
time.\" It's not fairy-tale like Lord of the Rings where the good guys
ride dragons and eventually defeat the bad guys. There it all comes
down to how exactly the bad guy will be killed and how many fictitious
extraordinary places we'll visit before it happens. Eragon is
predictable. A Song of Ice and Fire is shocking, surprising and very,
very addictive. Game of Thrones therefore has a huge potential to be
just like that. If you are willing to let it do it's magic.Why the hype? Surely some will be disappointed due to it. But the
reality is, because of the genre (and the series is not quite what is
expected of the genre), HBO needed to bring in as many people as
possible and hope that enough of them will go the distance of several
episodes I'd assume are needed to achieve the \"crack on paper\" effect
of the source material. So, don't feel cheated. It was expected that
some (perhaps many) viewers will not understand and like it.Last point. It is not fair to judge an entire show from a single pilot.
I'm sure halfway through the season those who watched without being too
involved will not regret it. Those who changed the channel will miss a
great fantasy story, and well told at that.
"
"164" "
Game of Thrones is a poorly adapted show that is well suited for
plebes. It is not a faithful adaptation of Song of Ice & Fire series.
This show had lots of unnecessary changes that infuriated me. The
showrunners replace many important scenes with meaningless garbage. GoT
ends up missing important scenes and dialogue from the books. GoT lacks
any substance, and creativity. The showrunners made too many mistakes.
GoT does not deserve praise, but scrutiny. Critics should be
embarrassed for praising Game of Thrones. No reviewer is that stupid.
This show has too many problems to be praised. I personally think that
the showrunners simply bribed the critics into giving the show a
positive review. No reviewer would ever give a 9.5 average rating on
IMDb for this sh@t. Unless he was bought. GoT List of Problems: 1.
Poorly written characters (Dull, & boring generic characters). 2. Lack
of foresight when writing these characters. 3. Lack of development. 4.
Poorly structured story. 5. Each season is crammed into one book. The
seasons should have focused on one book. We would have ended up with
better written characters and a fleshed out story. 6. Miscast
characters. 7. Missed scenes: many key details missed. 8. Not a
cohesive story. GoT masquerades as a good series. The truth is that
Game of Thrones is nothing but an overrated pile of sh@t. All GoT has
going for it is sex and violence. The success of Game of Thrones is
attributed largely to the plebes' lack of taste. This show is made to
entertain plebes. If you doubt the review I had written. Please go back
and read the books. You would see that Game of Thrones is nothing but a
missed opportunity.
"
"165" "Add another review"
"166" "
I watched an encore last night and I was so enthralled with the grit
and texture of the piece, so much, that I was emotionally and mentally
whisked away into a fantasy world of passion. Passion of love, death,
power and life. My lover and I watched it several times in a row last
night, until we were totally and absolutely filled with satisfaction.
It brought back all the great memories of epic films such as
\"Braveheart,\" & \"Lawrence of Arabia,\" that we adored growing up.We felt the acting was spot-on! The men were men...and the
women...well, shall I dare say delicious! The costumers surpassed our
expectations by again being accurate to the times and yet revealing a
subtle teasing of the beautiful women's forms (Lena & Emilia)...and the
locations were breath-taking. There aren't many films...and definitely
NO American TV Shows that even come close to being as exciting to us,
as this one. Lena is possibly the most lushish woman we've ever seen.Being a history nut, I was thrilled with the successful attempt at
depicting the brutality of the medieval era, including the sexual
scenes. Traditionally, the women were mounted from behind by their
lovers, which is accurate to that era...and it was exciting.My lover and I took full advantage of the fantasy and ravaged each
other after-wards. Thank you for Producing such an exciting and
emotionally thought provoking TV Series.Please...give us more! Especially Lena.
"
"167" "
I'm not a very physical women as far as violence and killing are
concerned in any shape or form, but I loved the historical slant of
this TV Series.What I really wish is that I was one of those women being ravaged like
in another review I read. I actually laughed out loud because that was
exactly what I was thinking. Brutally handsome men and sexy
ladies...what a mixture! PLEASE continue with the style. It's fabulous!
10-10-10-10-10!OH...and the locations were great too. I looked into the site and saw
that it was Irelend...figures, because it's totally beautiful. Great
job.Oh...and my boyfriend is a fan now too. I made him watch it last night
and he loved seeing the beautiful women bare their bodies and the
brutal be-headings and fights. Of course he's a UFC fan too.
"
"168" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"169" "
It's very premature to say much about the series after watching only
the first episode, so I'll limit my opinion to the one and only episode
that has been broadcasted so far.First of all, I'm a huge fan of George R.R. Martin's \"A Song of Ice and
Fire\" saga and I think that it's really a breath of fresh air that the
genre needed so badly! I would hate to see this HBO series ruining all
the good things that the books have brought to fantasy genre and
thankfully it's not happening, at least not with the episode one.Of course, almost immediately, the one that has read the book can see
some differences, but they are all understandable (well, almost all of
them), since no screen adaptation can follow the written work to the
letter!The viewer is gradually introduced in the world of Westeros just like
in the book, without 20 pages/minutes of prologue and the narrator
explaining all that once was, and all that is today<U+0085> The main
characters are very decently portrayed so far and the careful viewer
can, more or less, flair what relationships they have between
themselves and what part will they play in the story, at least for the
time, just as the writer wanted us in the beginning<U+0085> Speaking of
character relationships, there were some very good sublimations of more
than a few pages of the book into just one scene, one sentence or even
one screen shot! That's actually desirable in order to keep the pace of
the adaptation going! The plot is developing just as it should, not too
fast, not too slow and with an omnipresent touch of intrigue and
mystery<U+0085> The production is more than fine. The costumes are good, the
scenography is good and the cinematography is good. One can easily
immerse in the mix of history facts (considering the gear and the
lifestyle of medieval folks) and the fantasy world of \"Seven Kingdoms\"
and the \"land across the narrow sea\"<U+0085> And now it's time for some spoiler alert!!! My main concern is about undead! Is it a nighttime or a daytime when
the dead girl comes back to \"life\" and walks the forest, only to spook
the young ranger of the Night's Watch in the opening scene? This can
mean a whole world of difference between the book and the series<U+0085>The other is the lack of \"dreams\" and \"flashbacks\" the main characters
have. Those play the major role in the book (in my opinion, at least)
and I only hope that the director and the producers are keeping them
for the episodes to come<U+0085>All the other concerns I'll keep to myself as they are a bit
contradictious to the book but they aren't crucial to the storyline. At
least, not as I see them right now.On the other side, the writer of the books hasn't finished the saga
until now and he's participating in the making of this series, so I
hope for the best<U+0085>All in all, it's a good start! Actually, a very good one I would say. I
really prefer series that starts moderately good and develop to an
excellent one than ones that start promising and then lose all of their
initial appeal along the way, like \"Legend of the Seeker\" for example.
At least, this one has an excellent foundation in R.R. Martin's
brilliant work.I'll give it a 10 not because it's spectacular but because I, for once,
am an optimist and I really do hope that the screenplay will be able to
preserve the original novels' charm. At least, for the first episode,
it did<U+0085>
"
"170" "
If you are looking to watch a quality T.V. show with good acting, great
screenplay, and amazing scenes with detailed character, well, you have
come to the right place.This show has you follow multiple people per episode so it isn't set to
just one person or place. You follow very well thought out characters
across a world with two continents and many different kingdoms, hence
\"Game of Thrones\". Many different characters come and go so you will always being on the
edge of your seat seeing who lives or dies. Some of the episodes end
abruptly which leaves a cliffhanger for the next episode which makes
you want to watch even more.Next to the interesting plots and characters, there is a vast amount of
blood, murder, sex, nudity, and witchcraft to keep you entertained.
Although this is not the entire show, these all make a broad statement
when watching.There are very little, if any, television shows that amount to the
level of \"Game of Thrones\". 10/10 would recommend to anyone.
"
"171" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"172" "
Game of Thrones is considered to be the best show ever made to numerous
people and critics. One of the most popular characters in the series is
Daenerys Targaryen. The reason so many people love her is that she is a
main, female character who shows great strength and intelligence. The
battle for Westeros is never ending. However, she will eventually rule
over Westeros because Daenerys has a lot of assets, skill, and is very
likable. Daenerys Targaryen is arguably the best character on the show, what
with her controlling the last 3 dragons on earth. Speaking of her
dragons, they are a great asset in a battle and can really help her
take over Westeros. The reason is the technology of the Westeros
struggles to hit flying targets with accuracy since all they have are
bows, arrows, and mounted crossbows. They also don't have anything to
control fires (Roberts). Another upside to these dragons is that they
are all trained and love Daenerys and follow her orders. All 3 dragons,
Drogon named after Khal Drogo, Rhaegal named after Rhaegar Targaryen,
and Viserion named after Viserys Targaryen, breath fire on anything she
commands them to when she states the word Drakara. So with no defenses
to prevent the dragons to just do work it will be easy to take over
Westeros.Just like in any time period or anywhere in the world, having an army
to fight a war is probably the most important thing. Lucky for Daenarys
she has a very skilled army. Her army consists of around 8,000
Unsullied. Unsullied are an army who is taken right from birth and
taught to fight and the Unsullied feels no pain and are very loyal to
Daenerys. They are very skilled and have a very smart, commanding
general below Daenarys. The next piece of her army consists of an
outstanding 58,000 Dothraki. All though not all of them are equipped to
fight, only about 8,000-10,000 are children, women or elderly, However
the fully grown men are some of the best warriors known to man, because
their religion is pretty much being better and bigger than another
(Roberts). Lastly she has 3 dragons which will indeed do work. With the
help of Jon Snow she may have 2 thousand weddings and 1 giant. So she
has a massive army consisting of Wildlings, Unsullied, Dothraki,
dragons, and one giant. This is one of the weaker arguments, but still has a lot of
significance. Daenerys Targaryen's father was king before he was
murdered, making her the rightful queen or ruler of the Iron throne.
You may wonder why this is important. If people think that you deserve
to rule, you will gain allies. With allies, it means more troops, more
troops means it is a greater chance to win the battle thus leading to
the winning of the war. It's a chain reaction(Brady). Maybe if she has
a claim, it may push her even more to avenge her father. Lineage is a
way to gain support. Having skill is extremely important. You can't
play a sport unless you have a skill or you will be laughed at and no
one will take you seriously. Luckily for Daenarys She has the skill so
other leaders consider her a threat. Everyone knows she has skill
because she took over Slaver's Bay with little to no fight. She took
over Meereen with relative ease(The Telegraph). Keep in mind, Mereen is
a very big city. Even in Mereen hundreds maybe even thousands of people
turn against her and she handles it well. The size of her army plus her
strategy and skill will surely destroy kings landing allowing her take
over the iron throne. Practice with anything will help, it doesn't
matter what it is if you practice you will get better and she has
practiced conquering and now she is going to king's landing.Strategy is huge when it comes to war. Having a good strategy is
practically the war. You can't send 400 guys with a knife against 1,000
men with guns. So having a strategy is essential. Luckily for her, she
has a great strategy. The reason we know it's a great strategy is
because it has worked before. Her ancestors used the same strategy she
is using, but with less men. The strategy she is using consists of pure
mayhem on the ground as her infantry tries to penetrate the walls of
king's landing(Brady). While she rains hell from above with her
dragons, If it has already worked and she is just upgrading what her
ancestors have already done, then she must be victorious.Being likable is very important. If you're an an unlikable person and
you are trying to lead an army they may not be loyal. If you're mean
and don't have respect for your men they won't respect you. If they
don't think you will die for them, then why would they die for you.
Another great thing about being a likable queen/ General in Daenerys
Case is that because she is likable and winning people want to join her
and or ally with her(Brady). Jon snow being her brother may not seem to be of some importance, but
it goes a long way. Jon Snow is a very likable person and has already
gotten an abundance of allies. He has winterfell, he has the wildlings,
and he has the night's watch. In the alliance of the wildlings they
have the last giant, which is a huge asset. Now aside from Jon Snow
being good with allies, he is very skilled in combat. There are very
few people who had beaten him. (Andrea Livio). Lastly, Jon Snow has the
capability to be a great general since he commanded the night's watch
along with the wildlings.
"
"173" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"174" "
This TV series is magnificent! I read a book and I must say that A Game
Of Thrones is one of the best books I've read. So when I first heard
that HBO will do a series on the this book I was thrilled but I was
afraid that they will not be done exactly by the book. But I must say
that I was wrong and that the series is better than I thought it would
be. Much better! While I watched the first episode I had the same excitement as the time
when I first read the book. HBO has done a great job and they fulfill
all my expectations. Sean Bean was born for the role of Eddard Stark.
Costumes, scenes, actors, everything is done as it should be. Actors
are perfect for the role they play in the series. For me the biggest surprise of the series I figure Daenerys Targaryen.
Emilia Clarke actress who plays Daenerys Targaryen is more beautiful
than I imagined it would be and more beautiful than is described in the
book. The Wall is a lot different than I had imagined, but in a good way. The series revolves around Eddard Stark and his family. He has a wife
and five children, three sons and two daughters. Eddard Stark is ruler
of the North and close friend of King Robert who needs his help in
ruling the Seven Kingdoms.The seven kingdoms, united under one ruler, have lived a life of peace
and comfort since King Robert took the throne. But nothing is ever as
it seems. Within the king's court there is murder and treason, with no
one aware of what is really going on. Across the seas, the last
remnants of the previous royal family gather forces to reclaim their
throne. To the north, the unthinkable gathers, the creatures of myth
and legend that have been forgotten.
"
"175" "
Perhaps the most complete comprehensive and epic narrative in the
history of television. Adapted from George R.R. Martin's \"A Song of Ice
and Fire\" the series takes us through to the land of Westeros where
medieval feudalism and misguided chivalry exist in tandem, where five
major families fight for the control of the \"Iron Throne\". Filled with
honor and betrayal, complete with dragons to zombies- this show
promises to get better even more. When King Robert comes all the way to
the North- the ancient kingdom of the Starks to seek help from his best
mate Ned Stark, the honorable Lord decides to comply. The Queen is a
Lannister- the villainous among the Great Families. Elsewhere the
remaining siblings of the deposed Targaryens are also preparing to get
their kingdom back. In this whirlwind of events starts the first
episode. Truly speaking its very hard to leave your seat from then on.
After the Sopranos' comes another masterpiece from HBO. Not seen it
yet- well frankly you're really something. Coz' its simply the best.
"
"176" "
This is one of the shows that starts slowly, since it has a very broad
story, to later on become a very epic show. There is nudity in the
show, there are also a lot of vices but I am okay with it. if you don't
like such things just stay away from this show. I would not recommend
such a thing because that is not the focal point of this show and its
positives far out ways the negatives to you, moreover from what I have
gathered from reading the reviews on this site is that such things are
original of what is in the books so there you go. I do not normally
rate shows that high but this one is worth it and have earned it. The
story is unpredictable, the acting is top notch and overwhelming. if
you are now about to watch from season one I would ask you to give it
time to develop and you would be rewarded later.
"
"177" "
Exactly what my summary says... Seriously, I could go on for hours
about how great this show is and how just mind blowing it is. First of
all it is based off of the series of books titled \"A song of Ice and
Fire\" by George R R Martin. These books are better than the show (like
most books are) but this is one of the best adaptations of a book that
I have ever seen. First things first the acting. The portrayal of these
characters and the actors and actresses that play that have an immense
amount of talent. Even the children on the show know how to act and
that just creates this show. The special effects are top notch and
everything looks extremely realistic! The set design is beautiful, just
to see this whole other world is truly amazing. The script is
sophisticated and it comes together perfectly. And after all those
amazing compliments its really hard to find a negative thing about this
show because the twists and turns it creates always will keep you on
the edge of your seat wanting more!!!! This is another one of my MUST
WATCH shows because its one of a kind. Even though the nudity can get a
little out of hand at points this show is one of the greatest shows of
all time. I recommend this!
"
"178" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"179" "
This show is good. Excellent actually. But the simple fact of the
matter is: the books were better. I know, to a lot of people that seems
unfair but I think its impossible watching this show without comparing
it to its book counterpart. Everything seems dumbed down. The
characters are simplified. For example Tyrion, played by the excellent
Peter Dinklage( who despite the criticism I'm giving the character
pulls him off marvelously, especially the trial scene in season 4) is
dumbed down from a guy who does have a good moral compass but still
kills people without any remorse, to a one dimensional hero. The story
is dumbed down. Whereas in the Books every action has a heavy
consequence, in the show, there either is no conspiracy or Varys and
Littlefinger kill someone randomly because the character that killed
them in the books(and who has a motivation there) has been cut. But the
performances are excellent, for the most part, even though they
sometimes misrepresent their original characters (i.e Jaime, Tyrion and
Euron). Kudos goes to the child actors who all do a great job despite
having no previous experience. The execution of the heavier scenes are
great, like the battle of the bastards, even though they don't make any
sense. And it does feel like the books, and represents the books mostly
well. My favorite aspect of the show is that we see all the great
places from the books come to life, it's biggest flaw is the
characterization of Jaime in the later seasons. Overall good..... BUT
THE BOOKS WERE BETTER
"
"180" "Add another review"
"181" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"182" "
Having got myself right up to date with GoT with a megabinge and
finishing on, what is currently Season 4 episode 4 I feel there is
enough within 3 and a bit seasons to give it a fair review, but.....for
a series that is still going it can only be a review of what it is \"So
far!\" and not as whole because who knows what will come next.First up, Season 1....Magnificent, glorious, stunning, original, daring, explicit, all these
words and more I could pour into the season 1 cup and it would not have
room for the rest. Every episode is absolutely gripping and you are
dying to find out what happens next. All acting is superb and bettered
only by the mind blowing production values (Seriously, I have seen
Hollywood feature films with cinematography and visual effects that
aren't this good!) and thoroughly mesmerising scripts. Make no mistake,
this is no Harry Potter, or even Lord Of The Rings and it is absolute
NOT for children! The gore is shockingly OTT and the sexuality,
constant full frontal nudity and the harshest of expletives makes for a
very adult series indeed but this time it has the drama and stories to
fully back it up.Seasons 2 and 3 unfortunately sort of meld in with each other and
here's where the cracks start to appear and......well you know why
really but we'll get to that later.*Spoilers*For a start the shocking end to Season 1 sees the young son Rob march
to war for revenge. This march takes over 2 seasons and he never
actually gets there and by that time I lost interest in his cause and
had to actually remember why he was doing it in the first place. The
programme becomes a mish mash of crossed stories following characters
around different parts of the world, some I really liked and wished
they'd focused on and some I just couldn't have cared less about.Of course the biggest flop for me is the repeated killing off of lead
characters. This has been a heated subject on the internet and I am
afraid I am on the team that thinks negatively of this. Once was
shocking in a good and bad way and really kept you on your toes. Twice,
was a little annoying but by the end of the third season there were
precious little characters left that I cared about. I know G.R.R.
Martin has said he does it for shock value and to be unpredictable
which is fine but if you kill off the people that viewers wast to know
more about it's also an interest killer too and in that I could feel it
happening to me as the cast numbers dwindled. Call me old fashioned but the real world has enough bad people getting
away with killing good ones so I like my fantasy a little less grim
than that and more heroic. Of course I applaud the rick that has been
taken but as I say it's been done a bit too often now and is becoming
dangerous to the story.There is still much to watch though, the wonderful Arya Stark branch of
the story is amazingly well acted and there is still much to be seen in
the Stormborn, section of the tale as is the ever watchable Peter
Dinklage as the Imp. Alas the rest just isn't very interesting. Bran
Stark's tale is a slow and boring one, Jon Snow's is par at best and
there is just far too many separate stories going on to get your teeth
into and care about.I can't blame the makers of the TV series though, everything has
remained at super high quality throughout and even with the flaws they
have managed to keep it watchable but still, they had better be careful
with Mr Martin as although he has the perfect right to do with his
characters as he chooses it might seriously make some viewers lose
interest if he keeps killing off the interest points for the sake of
shock.That's it so far, the series could get better or worse but we shall
have to wait and see!
"
"183" "
It will be more a comment than a review - lots of information can be
found, also recommendation's. But... I read every book before - 1 season was almost perfect - in mater of
keeping script accurate to story from book. Second should be a warning
sign for everybody \"watch out ! I'm starting to be a different story\"
Third season was a nail to the coffin - in the middle, about episode 5
or 6 I start to suspect that Elvis Presley with Yeti will jump out from
the next corner. Maybe We will see Yoda or Lord Wader in this
production soon.I don't want to spoil anything so no further details. I
understand the needs of some extra sub stories to build tension or
explain some more complicated trails but making complete fiction is a
different story.I strongly recommend to everybody - read the book carefully - it's
worth it ! You will discover a different , and amazing story.What about HBO production - really good when We are talking about TV
entertainment. I watch every episode and I enjoy it. ( apart of script-
to-book accuracy )
"
"184" "
I'll keep this review short because I doubt there's anything I can say
that hasn't already been said. Basically, I was drawn to this series
because it appeared to be a cable TV version of 3/4ths of the video
games I play (Skyrim, Dragon Age, etc) and I have to say, I wasn't
disappointed. I watched all of the first 3 seasons within a weeks
period of time on demand, and it seems that each season only got
better. At first I was daunted by the number of characters and
locations, but it really didn't take long to get to know the people...
at least the important players. The characters have real depth, and
it's hard to completely hate or completely love any of them, because
most of them have good and bad traits, just as we all do in real life.
I recommend this to anyone who is into fantasy stories or RPG video
games!
"
"185" "
I don't believe there has ever been anything like 'Game of Thrones' on
TV. The sheer amount of quality and talent in this series is
staggering. The actors (and I mean really ALL the actors), the
costumes, the visual effects, the make-up: everybody working on this
show seems to have wanted to make Television-history. And the writing
is just phenomenal.There have been a couple of great TV-shows over the last years, but
when it comes to scale AND quality, 'Game of Thrones' is <U+0096> at the
moment <U+0096> in a league of its own. A joy to watch: breath-taking, epic <U+0096>
and highly addictive <U+0096> Television. 10 stars out of 10.
"
"186" "
I love Game of thrones. I thought the first few episodes were a little
dull, however they explain a lot about the story and if you plan to
watch, i'd suggest you listen to them carefully (Of course I was on my
phone and looked up wiki pages to explain what I mist) The overall series is brilliant. If you haven't watched it, i'd suggest
you do, it's for everyone, no matter what you like, you'll be hooked on
it. I myself a big lover of the whole dragon/sword fighting, my mother
who is more into soaps, my girlfriend who loves the likes of
Twlightlight and my brother who hates the whole sword/dragon type
series all love it, no matter what you like you'll love GoT.
"
"187" "
The biggest TV series there has ever been, the biggest sets and casts
there has ever been, The multiple characters, everything about Game of
Thrones is big, and as the old saying goes \"the bigger they are..\" yeah
you get it, but they're is no fall, so what happens when something big
doesn't fall? well it's simple it stands tall and high above the rest?
it gets recognized more often and it deserves it every bit of attention
it gets, George RR Martin writes so many characters into the story it's
unbelievable how he doesn't forget there names, there is such a vast
range of character types, From Tyrion Lannister the Imp who we all
love, to The Hound the bad guy who secretly we all love and isn't so
bad and then there's characters like Bronn and Syrio Forrel, characters
who are just simply so awesome, Credit also goes to D and D for
bringing us 'A Song of Ice and Fire' also because if it wasn't for them
many of us may never have heard it.
"
"188" "
Game of Thrones is a beautiful adaption of its famous books. Drama at
every corner, action at the blink of an eye, this TV show sets the
standard for any genre of TV to a new High. The Performances are
amazing, the special effects are stunning, and the plot has so many
twists and turns you'll be begging for more and more. I started
watching this show just to see what all the hype was about and boy did
it exceed my expectations. I finished all the seasons in a matter of
weeks (I had a lot of free time on my hands). While its a long show
(each episode is about an hour or more long) it is well worth the watch
and it can turn even the sportiest bro into a warlock-loving nerd.
"
"189" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"190" "
As season conclusions go, \"The Children\" was more dramatic than
previous years. Tyrion escaped King's Landing but not before slaying
his father and his former lover. Never before has an act of patricide
been more justified. After orchestrating last year's Red Wedding, dying
while on the toilet was an apt death for such a vile man.Then there was Bran, who finally reached the three-eyed crow but lost
Jojen Reed to a White Walker with a penchant for stabbing. The battle
between the rag-tag gang and the undead was an impressive sequence that
kept viewers on tenterhooks. Bran's storyline requires a lot of
patience but the waiting finally paid off.Overall, season four has best
of the best of them, even if \"The Children\" failed to deliver. The
season has also deviated more from the novels compared to previous
years, but in most cases these changes have benefited the show and
condensed the substantial source text admirably well.
"
"191" "
As a kid I was fond of Age of Empires, Rome total war and many more
strategy games. Have seen many films and series of kingdoms, kings and
war. Including the great Indian Mythology 'Mahabharat', but none of
them come miles closer to Games of Thrones. The art of kingship along
with its struggle, blood and destiny has never been better portrayed.
Games of Thrones takes you to a fictitious world in which you start
believing and feel as if you are part it. Games of thrones is surely
excellent for its cinematography,acting along with raw depiction of
truth but its uncertainty and sudden change of events is what makes it
the best. Waiting for next season.
"
"192" "
This is the best show on TV today. It may be the best show in the
history of TV series'. It is definitely not for everyone. The sexual
content and violence alone will turn a lot of people away. If you can
handle this part then you're in luck. Get ready to go on a thrill ride.
Emotional, exciting, intelligent and tragic. This show really has it
all. One warning is not to fall too much in love with any particular
character or dynamic. Nobody is safe when playing the Game of Thrones.
And with a tag line like \"All men must die\", well you get the picture
by now. Amazing Actors, Amazing sets, Amazing filming locations. This
show is...Amazing. Enjoy!
"
"193" "Add another review"
"194" "
I have seen so many TV series, movies.. Game of Thrones is something
magical, a true creation & making with extra ordinary story & script
writing. Perfect & outrageous.This is the top, the best TV series. Well done & best of luck for
future, because we need such dedication for next 100 season's..The detail's , that's what matter, how to handle all the character's &
to continue story with their strong character's is very challenging. Who will take the throne?. Ha ! who knows. My fav. character is \" Peter
Dinclage \" As tyrion Lannister .Again in the end , i have never written anything any where but it was
worth it.God Bless You All
"
"195" "
Wow this really is an exceptional show. I wasn't sure if it was going
to be able to live up to the hype but it far exceeded my expectations.
My initial thoughts were that maybe people loved it because of all the
sex scenes or maybe it was excessively violent, well it has both but it
contributes to the storyline in a way that enforces the barbaric nature
of a time long ago. Everything they have done feels calculated and
necessary to tell the story properly.Game of Thrones feels like a cross between Lord of the Rings and The
Tudors. It is situated in a fantasy world and a historical period
drama. The production quality feels like a big budget movie and they
have assembled a team who seem to genuinely care about creating a
quality show. Out of all the actors, Peter Dinklage is my favourite. He
is great in his role and steals the scene from his other cast members.
On the other end of the scale I hate the evil b!tch they call a queen
and the snivelling prince sh!ts me off. Why does power always have to
go to some people's heads. (I'm only 6 episodes in so my opinion could
change)At this point I am very happy with the direction of the show and look
forward to many more seasons. I may even decide to read the books as I
can't help but want more of Games of Thrones.
"
"196" "
HBO has really outdone themselves this time by ordering 'Game of
Thrones'! Several months ago I refused to watch this show because I
don't like the fantasy genre, but i decided to buy the first episode on
iTunes, then I became addicted. I ordered HBO and watched it on demand.
This show has everything: violence, drama, sex, and surprising moments.
'Game of Thrones' is an outstanding idea. The writing, acting,
directing, and effects are unbelievable. But a lot of main characters
die very upsetting and shocking deaths. I recommend this show to anyone
who loves violent dramas. But head's up: there is a lot of graphic sex
and nudity. That's why it is on HBO.
"
"197" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"198" "
i have vote this series as 10/10 because it really deserve . without
further ado let me describe some prons and cons of the seriesProns:1.Graphic is excellent without a doubt they spend a huge lot of money
to make this incredible series . 2. Storytelling is more than perfect.
the most amazing thing about the series is you can't expect what comes
next and if you tried to predict you jaw will open soon. 3. casting .
the best casting i have seen . every character play their role
perfectly not only that they were also suited for that character. 4.
Direction. no point on telling the director and his direction was
excellent . 5. New World Map . i guess its almost impossible to make
your own world map which is done here. 6.Reality mix with fiction : the
series take some reality politics but added fiction like giants, witch
, magic , wizard ,dragon etc which make series more and more watchable.
7.heart stopping ending at every season.Cons: 1.sometime unnecessary nudity and sexuality which wasn't
necessary . 2. too much talking in some episode which makes bore.verdict: this is the best series ever made ,worth watching ,yes but
watch alone not with the family .(the review is made on the basis of TV series not on book)
"
"199" "
Amazing, never been so addicted to a series before, such a thrilling
storyline and you never know what is going to happen next! The
characters in game of thrones are brilliant, you grow to love some of
the characters, and loathe others which one of the main things I love
about a good series. The whole story takes place simultaneously over
different areas of westeros, and are constantly being priced towards a
finally solution, who will claim the iron throne? No one knows! It's
such an exciting series because you can't anticipate what is going to
happen next. there are many twists, shock deaths and retributions
keeping the audience on the edge of their seats throughout the series
and in my opinion Game of thrones is the best thing on television at
the moment, no doubt!
"
"200" "
If you're looking for your usual, cliché, implicit epic-fantasy story,
then this is not it.Everything is just raw and brutal, serving more than what you've asked
for but certainly exceeding your expectations for the better. I may
have read the books, but the spin of the characters in the series
highlights the supporting ones and adds their weights and purpose for
the story. Jaw-dropping, if one might say. The cuts of the scenes are
also terrific, making viewers want more. Possibly the best TV-show as of today. Game of Thrones certainly made
its own name under the epic-fiction genre, even creating its own
original division.
"
"201" "
So i'm writing my first review just because people here at IMDb(not
only here) cant review without prejudice. 1=awful 10=excellent based on
this...please ignore all 1 ratings or garbage ratings ,these people are
immature people who just hate movie/show based on their own
expectations coming out from their personal experience.If 5 is average then i would say this show, just for
effects,realism,camera,music score! etc...deserves at least 5. All
above is really above average. I didn't liked the hype either form the
start and i started watching in 2013 i think...first two episodes from
series one wasn't enough, there was just too much confusion and it was
hard for me to concentrate/orient in everything going on the screen.
Third(S01E03) was like a bait for fish. It completely hooked me up and
just had to watch the rest. After i watched first two seasons ...i
couldn't wait any longer and i bought the books. ...rest is not
important.Anyway there are some flaws and cliché i think, but as a whole pack
this show is on top along with Breaking bad.
"
"202" "
Well then. Game of Thrones is one of the very few movies/shows I can
stand. I despise cliché story lines, bad acting, predictability, Game
of Thrones has none of these letdowns. A Brilliant story, constantly playing with your emotions, head and
heart. The impossible becomes possible, a world where anything and
everything happens.Amazing, detailed cast, Incredible portrayal of the monsters that lie,
sleeping, inside all of us.There is no 9.5/10, so I will stick with a 9. There is almost nothing
wrong with Game of Thrones, one or two things that could be better, but
overall, the single best show I have ever watched. If you want to be taken on a wild ride, through magical lands full of
wolves, lions, dragons, stags and golden roses with extremely sharp
thorns, Game of Thrones is definitely the one to watch!
"
"203" "
This is easily the best show on TV at the minute possibly ever. Most
unpredictable amazing show I've ever seen. The first season starts
rather slow as its mainly character introductions but stick with it it
takes a while to learn everyones name but you'll get used to it. It
doesn't really pick up in action till around episode 6 so i recommend
you give the entire season a chance by the end of it you'll be hooked.
I've never given a 10/10 to anything but this show comes closest.
Season by season there all pretty solid each season seems like a
different show due to the large storyline changes. Game of thrones has
some top class actors such as Sean Bean, Peter Dinklage, Emilia Clarke,
Charles Dance, Lena Headey, Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau and many more i
constantly recommend this show to everyone i know and everyone loves
it.
"
"204" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"205" "
This show is so awesome. Props to the directors staying true to their
way. I just finished watching the 4th season and SPOILER: I cant
believe he killed his dad I sooooo hope he's not dead, that's not a
just end to him. His dad needs to suffffffer alive i soooo hope he's
not dead.Tyrion is my fav. I can't wait to see the jon snow start winning (with
his yonger bros) but Tyrions dad needs to be there so they can defeat
him and make him suffer.I read the news after watching stuff and I cant believe the crap i
read, bunch of women, and some men who are just woman disguised as men,
complaining that vaginas were waxed and its not true to the time. Of
all things that can be truer to the time they pick vaginas? And what
time had magic dragons and beasts? Come on. And they complained about
the rape my goodness gracious. First of all not rape. Second of all its
a show, if you can't deal with this stuff emotionally don't watch it,
simple.And the male castration/mutilation/violence is so much more. I mean the
castration of Weak was elaborated on over EPISODES it is sooo much. And
after watching all that they complain the women are mistreated. It's a
show and it's war the audience knows this and we enjoy the show.Anyways props to the directors to staying true to their stuff and not
swaying for these losers.Anyways... So sad Viper died :( Realllly realllly loved his fighitng
style.
"
"206" "Add another review"
"207" "
The show has brought in some of the most talented children i have ever
seen. They are much better actors than a lot of stars today. It deals
with real life conflicts, following George Martin's masterpiece. It is
a production that you know that they've worked on from the bottom of
their hearts. They want to surprise you more. This is one of the most
talked about shows in the world, yet the cast and crew always have a
sense of improving. They give more and more every season.The only downfall of this show is the presence of some boring episodes.
However, these episodes are essential to get the story going. The only
thing that i found that some find extremely appealing which others find
as a huge turn off is the presence of dragons. But the thing is, those
dragons aren't just added for the sake of it. They incorporated well
into the story. Plus, the cgi team is working brilliantly on them.
"
"208" "
as the summary says, this show is pretty much one of a kind, and anyone
who hasn't seen it yet and likes good shows in general should watch a
few episodes at least to give it a try at the very least(it simply
hooks you in in the first few episodes ). I won't divulge the story or
give away spoilers, because I wouldn't won't anyone to spoil it for me
as the story simply is so well crafted, that you just want more once
you start watching it. To give some of my own input why I really loved
it, let me say that it doesn't take the classical route of pretty much
90% of TV series ever made having a main character around whom the
whole story evolves (and you know they are immortal or immune to the
bad stuff that can happen and should happen in any series in order to
give it that drama factor that makes a series draggable for more then a
season or 2 to make it worthwhile watching and not bore you to death up
until the moment you stop watching it...yeah it happened to me with
\"Fringe\"), but instead it shows you this magnificent non Hollywood
world- environment/storyline where anything can happen...and it
does!...and this is something that kept me and still does to this
series and can't wait to see the next season (if you are wondering
about how much I watched, just compare the review date with the series
release...I am always up to date watching it :-) )
"
"209" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"210" "
I delayed watching this show for a long time. And i regret it. It has
to be the best shows out there. Acting is superb, plot is good too.
And, shock value is extreme. Some people complain that their favorite
characters are getting killed. But this is what makes them different
from other shows. Its unpredictability is its usp.Seven noble families fight for control of the mythical land of
Westeros. This is what the plot in short is. We come to see betrayals,
seduction, secrets, loyalty etc. There are a lot of people who complain about nudity, but there is not
that much. But yes its show meant for the adults. Every season comes up
with new twists and turns. I finished watching 4 seasons in just 2
weeks. and now looking forward to the 5th season. 10/10 for me.
"
"211" "
this show deserves 10 stars, and if i could give it 10+ stars then i
would. Its the only show so far i have seen which leaves me hanging
till next episode and so on. This show is a complete marvel. And all the characters have portrayed their roles very well and so is
the presentation of the show. The story is pure ungodly in nature, something I've never seen or cant
think of. and so is the execution of this story. I am amazed who's
gonna win the game of thrones at last?I recommend this show to anyone who wants some real steel. But beware,
Don't START LOVING THE CHARACTERS OR YOU'LL CRY IN PAIN LIKE ME!!!
"
"212" "
Puff, were to start from?!I watched approx. 10.000 movies and about a hundred of TV series, the
modesty I know, I know... anyway the reason i write this review is to
share with you all my thoughts...Some of you may like it some of you may not, it's a free world and I
respect you choice ! If some of you will say it's a matter of taste I
support you guys too. Anyway again that being said lets start:THE \"GAME OF THRONES\" ... (background music: angels singing Halleluiah)The STORYLINE is absolutely epic, the strength point of this series is
that the intrigue levels are so deep you need a big flowchart or a map
to fully understand how the characters evolve, involve, interact,
disappear, experience the unknown and so on, i can take any of the
characters and subtracts lots of connections with other characters, and
this web of intrigue levels makes this Series a gamble. A gamble in
what sense, well this complex net makes an Achilles weak point, if the
director of this film would not make a good directing, all this complex
relations between the characters will fall over his work and BOOM,
disaster! Is like building a space ship for the first time or so, you
want the reach the stars but you have to think to 1000 things on every
step, that's challenging and i respect the director for his work, Good
Job !Characters, a very good acting skills, they are not flawless, but i
think everyone contributes to this grater good, the good of the film,
and overall they do a wonderful job. I like and think the idea of the
undead, to be more specific the frozen undead, to be an Blizzard Idea
from the Warcraft I guess (only a thought). It's a bit bloody in the
actions and wars but hey it's a damn realistic for that era. Good
costumes, acceptable CGI(dragons are a bit Celisse), but hey overall
captures you attention fully. Mystical symbols, raven , trees, wolves,
swords of some material and so on, makes the series catchy and easy to
remember. I think people are very susceptible to this sort of symbols
and like them, as a marketing view point its the smart choice that adds
commercial value to the movie although i personalty think its kinda
silly.I will not spoil anything, maybe some of you haven't see all the
series, but i liked the acting of Theon Greyjoy (very good acting
skill).Sounds and music are very carefully selected and it matches perfectly
the mood of the series every episode. I personally don't like the long
intro but, I can pas over it. I like the fact that conversation
generally doesn't stack over the background sounds, this is a simple
and a clean idea which i appreciate, it shows that your attention
should be focused on the conversation, and every conversation adds
value and new meaning on the evolution of the characters and the story.Things I don't like: 1.Long intro, damn it's long start already i want
to see... (I think every time i look at new episode) 2.Dragons, raven,
rituals, and other smoked symbols (Celisse my opinion) 3.Lack of big
and more open spaces (usually fields, castles and sea)Things I like: 1.Acting 2.The stories and scenes 3.Characters, lots of
races and types, complex connection between them 4.Sound and music pops
the interest 5.Everything else.If you have another opinion feel free to get the f__k off! :)
"
"213" "
I have been a Game of Thrones fan way before I saw the actual series. I
have had the privilege to read the books (some more than once) and I
find the series one of the best written works ever. The TV series on
the other hand digresses (naturally) from some topics. Even then, it is
one of the best series I have ever watched! Tyrion Lannister for me is
by far the best character on the show. He is witty, charming and
multifaceted; the fact that Peter Dinklage has successfully managed to
capture and emulate. There are several other characters; Cersai, Jon
Snow, Arya and Danyerys who stand out.All in all, the one of the best series to watch!!
"
"214" "
This show has almost every possible element to attract fans from all
ages. A political drama in a mythical backdrop this show is so
captivating and keeps you on your toes the entire time and one keeps
asking for more. One won't even realize 50 minutes can get over so
fast! The show doesn't necessarily divert from the book, but when it
does, one can find it to be a pleasant surprise. Performances.
Brilliant. Storyline. Brilliant. The supernatural element is an
interesting mix, and surprisingly doesn't disappoint the viewers.
Though the cast is enormous and its easy for a fan to forget some
characters and minor story lines easily.. a true fan will find that the
little things matter and add onto the spice. The show doesn't hold back
in any form of nudity (male or female) neither on gruesome and
torturous scenes. All I can say is, if you've not watched the show,
give it one episode. It's enough to capture your minds and hearts.
"
"215" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"216" "
I'm going to start off by saying that I haven't read the books and I
definitely am going to start reading them once I have finished my
exams. So this review is coming from someone who hasn't read the book.
The first thing I'm going to talk about is the acting. I see shows like
the walking dead that are action filled and have a decent story-line,
but unfortunately the acting is where it falls flat. Now, I'm not
saying I don't like the walking dead; I am just stating that it would
be a better show if the acting was to be improved. Fortunately, this
acting annoyance doesn't occur in game of thrones. The makers of the
show seem to be a lot less careless when deciding who to pick and they
haven't seemed to make any mistakes when deciding big roles. Tyrion's
trial scene In season four was one example of how good the acting is
and it remains as my favourite scene throughout all seasons. Second of
all, the story-line. I haven't read the books and so I couldn't comment
on how they have changed the story-line from the books to the show, but
what I can say, is that the show has a story-line that gets you to
check how many minutes you've watched of each episode in hope there is
still lots left to go. Sadly, time flies by when watching quality
television and so the Game of thrones episodes feel way too short.
Finally, I'm going to talk landscapes. Now I'm not sure where they film
everything, but it makes you think it's on an entirely different planet
when you see the stunning imagery. There are many more things I could
point out in this show, but I'm running out of time. To summarise, this
show is action filled, has a good story-line, has strong characters
from both genders and the acting is perfect.
"
"217" "
Its heartwarming to finally see the budgets that go into blockbuster
movies finally making its way to TV series.Game of thrones is addictive to say the least, the vast amount of
important charterers (not even the nerdiest of nerds could name them
all) and each character having a detailed plot line and plenty of
screen time means there are plenty of favorites to pick from. But don't
start latching onto your favorite just yet because what keeps Game of
Thrones so griping is that no character is safe. George R.R. Martin has
had me at many occasions saying \"what the ef just happened\" or
\"shouting NO NO NOOOO!\" as i watch my favorite character whom i thought
was invincible getting the Axe. Anyway overall i would recommend this series to anyone and everyone (I
have) because it is truly one of the greats and will sit on the top 5
TV series list for quite some time - 10/10
"
"218" "
Fantasy is not a genre I usually on well with. S03E09 'The Rains of
Castamere' caused so much uproar on the internet that it was hard not
to intrigue me. I gave the show a second chance, it took a while for me to think it as
more than mediocre (I think this was because it takes a while to learn
who everyone is and what they are related to / trying to achieve in the
show - it's a big cast), but when I did, oh god, did the TV shock me. There's a few moments where your jaw will drop. but after a while - the
mistreatment of characters becomes second nature, despite this, this
show still finds way to cause dismay. The end of Season 1 with Jason Momoas' character, the beginning of
Season 2 (with the babies), oh and let's not forget S03E09. I mean,
holy s*** - what happened. It's just. I'm not going to give an
explanation about this episode, or this show because, one didn't sell
it for me. It's very popular. it has comical and witty dialogue. There
are so many story-lines and characters, intertwining to satisfy your
thirst. Fabulous TV. Peter Dinklage was my favourite part about the
show in episode 1 and that is still the case at the end of the 3rd
Season. Daenerys a close second. She's 'bad*ss'. I'm still thinking
about that episode. Roll on S04!
"
"219" "Add another review"
"220" "
I go through life constantly recommending new and old movies,
books,music, TV shows and video games. Quite plainly, if I was on my deathbed- and could only recommend a
SINGLE piece of media once and for all time -- this would be it. Its the best TV show I've ever seen....best books I've ever
read.....best story ever told....and its not even over. If you Don't
like it...?...well you're just wrong and that's all there is to it.I could write 1000 more lines but I simply don't feel I need to...my
recommendations are as good as guarantees....I will work to try and
establish that reputation I have in the real world, here on IMDb.
Figured I would first establish the top of the list and the
''commandments'', if you will, before I wage a crusade about things
like how Adam Sandlers performance in 'punch drunk love' is one of the
most underrated of all time. :)
"
"221" "
I held out on Game Of Thrones for quite some time for a few reasons..If
I had read the novels , I most likely wouldn't have (to be completely
honest , medieval fantasy fiction has never really been my thing)..
George RR Martin may have just changed all of that... The show has stricken a chord with some folks, which just lends it even
more credibility if you ask me..It is brutal. beastly . revolting.
disgusting and heartbreaking. it's also beautiful , spirited,
uplifting, soulful and inspirational..watching it is an experience- one
that seems to resonate. this show does , in a way, what Breaking Bad is
also doing for me - engaging me in such a way that I revel in what is
my own sense of what it is to be human..and needless to say, I am
entirely invested in the characters - which leaves me even further in
suspense, as NOBODY is safe!The casting team and the acting crew also deserve props for this one as
well.. With the exception of just a few independent scenes , the acting
is superb..it would really easy to chew up the scenery , yet they walk
the line extremely well. The production is , of course, outstanding.
Everything from costume design to the invention of the languages used
was well prepared and executed brilliantly. It is a bit ironic to think of how skeptical I was of the show , given
my initial reluctance to sit down and watch it, and now, how much I
enjoy it . Matter of fact, I don't think I could trust a person who has
watched three episodes and does't thoroughly enjoy it!
"
"222" "
Fantasy has, for many years, been regarded as a genre for mostly
children. A few notable exceptions being The Lord Of The Rings by J. R.
R. Tolkien , His Dark Materials by Philip Pullman and Wheel Of Time by
Robert Jordan , have defied this bias by providing imaginative and
emotionally as well as intellectually resonant stories that stand among
the best in English Literature.Genre Television too, has suffered from a similar bias,turning off many
viewers who have little love for complex fantasy story lines and many
long,confusing names. Elements such as magic or fantasy creatures have
been dismissed as \"childish\" and 'simplistic\".These two would, in theory, produce a poor mix.Game Of Thrones defies these notions even more resoundly than any work
of epic fantasy before it. A staggering show full of lavish production
values, dazzling visual sound effects, and above all, a raft of
extremely memorable characters with their own story lines and ideals.Based on George R. R. Martin's \"A Song Of Ice And Fire\" novels, the
main story focuses on 3 major story lines: The eternal conflict and
power struggle between the Great Houses of Westeroes known as the
titular \"Game Of Thrones\", The Oncoming threat of Winter and the
mysterious ancient creatures it brings and the chronicle of a young
girl named Danaerys Targaryen, last of an ancient family, and her
return to Westeros to exact revenge for the death of her family and
downfall of her house.Here we see that medieval politics,dark fantasy and classic drama are
intertwined to produce a rare cross-genre hybrid. Genre blending in
general is risky as it can tend to produce shows that lack proper
identity and purpose. Game Of Thrones avoids these pitfalls by toning
down some of the pure fantasy elements (magic, mythical creatures)and
focuses more on it's political subplots and character drama, resulting
in a show that appeals to both hardcore fantasy fans as well as most
non-genre viewers.The writing is magnificent across the board. Martin himself heavily
influences the production of the show, in both managing story lines as
well as the writing of the characters. Much credit must be given to
D.B. Weiss and David Benioff, showrunners on GoT, for extracting the
best dialogue from the books for the characters to work with. Given
that at the time of writing of this review , the show has indeed
surpassed the books' storyline, how the showrunners can continue to
produce high quality drama without the great authors prose behind them
remains to be seen.The Acting is among the best in TV. The anchor of it all is Peter
Dinklage's powerhouse performance as Tyrion Lannister, a character
often described as the main reason for the show's continuing success.
Dinklage brings weight, dimension and humanity to a complex, riveting
character that would have otherwise been wasted on any other actor.
Lena Headey continues to shine as Cersei, along with Emillia Clarke,
Maisie Williams, Aidan Gillen and a host of other actors turning in
great performances.Warning to those who have yet to see the show: The show is dark in many
ways more than one. The World of Westeros is a parallel of the real
world during the dark ages, filled with corruption, cruelty and vice.
Nudity, language and violence are core elements of the shown, seen in
every episode. While little to none of it is tasteless, a strong
stomach and a very open mind is required to truly appreciate Game Of
Thrones. The graphic and disturbing nature of the show has overwhelmed
many in the past and will continue to do so. Traumatic is often used to
describe Game Of Thrones, as many characters the audience comes to
identify with can be and often are, brutally and unexpectedly murdered.
The show can be harsh and unforgiving, a mirror of the world it
portrays.Game Of Thrones is dark. It is brutal. It asks sophisticated questions
and denies us easy answers. And it is also beautiful, witty, complex
and breathtaking. Whatever your views on fantasy or dark drama or TV in
general, it is a show that demands to be experienced.It has heralded a new age of Fantasy Television. We may never see the
likes of it again.
"
"223" "
This TV show is like an artist drawing on his canvas, With every stroke
a picture starts to emerge, And once you see a glimpse of what the
whole picture looks like, It will be impossible to turn away.GoT is one of the, If not, The best TV show ever made, And it's all
thanks to George RR Martin, The author of the books. I have to warn
you, If you intend on watching this show, Then you are in for so many
twists that it will make your head spin, Towards the end of the first
season you will get a peek into the dark and brilliant mind of GRRM.
This is a show that isn't afraid to take a step over the edge and drop
you into a never ending free fall into an abyss and you will love every
second of it.
"
"224" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"225" "
Wow! Seriously, wow! I never thought I would say this even though this
show does get political sometimes (I never understood politics so
there's no reason to be invested) but this is the most intriguing,
shocking, heart pounding suspenseful, intense, hardcore, gut-wrenching
dramatic, fantasy drama series I have ever witnesses in my entire life!
I see why it trumps the Sopranos. I just adore how heavy and dark this
show gets every time I watch it. It's a show about seven noble families
battling their way to take the Throne in Westeros. It's slow at times
but it's a long journey, it''s supposed to be slow. There's a lot of
focus on the characters--which are a lot, by the way--but my favorites
are Tyrion Lannister played by Peter Dinklage, Arya Stark played by
Maisie Williams, and most of all the gorgeous mother of the dragons who
steals the show, Daenerys Targaryen played by Emilia Clarke. There are
other interesting characters but those three are my personal favorites.
Tyrion is a dwarf but a very intelligent, smart-ass, Shakespearean
member of the Lannister family, the most hated people in the entire
show. He knows his family's a group of evil people and they are his
family but he doesn't agree with their methods very much. He's the only
Lannister in the family who's close to being almost good, regarding him
as more of an antihero. Arya is a very young, strong, courageous child
who is more of a fighter than a child and fights with her thin sword
called the Needle, though she is still a learner, but brave
nonetheless. It's so admirable that a child this young (probably 14)
could be so daring and tough. And Daenerys is a girl (probably in her
twenty's, she looks young) who becomes the mother of dragons--which, to
the special effects' credit, look really impressive--and uses them to
fulfill her goal: reclaim the Throne of Westeros. She's basically a
conqueror with legitimate motivations which also makes her an
antihero/hero. There really is no MAIN character which makes the show
more intriguing, but those are my personal favorite characters of all
time. I won't give too much, it's better if you go to
www.cokeandpopcorn.ch and watch it. Aside from the fact that it get's
political sometimes, there are other intriguing stories and characters
that I think you would thoroughly enjoy. It's so dark, dramatic,
exciting, brutal, and unpredictable. Game of Thrones, one of my
favorite shows ever!
"
"226" "
This series has wittily aggregated ancient and medieval history of
mankind - mostly focusing on aristocracy, but this is the history we
know, through the eyes of wealthy and powerful people of those times.
Both the novelist and screenwriters have done a great job, creating a
credible atmosphere and focusing on different \"ordinary\" persons, not
powerful creatures with supernatural forces. Of course, the viewers can
recognize various books, sagas and epics of different times and
nations, but references, patterns or profiles are not \"modernized\"
copies too often available in the U.S. movies depicting ancient or
medieval events. The other strength is the use of different filming locations in
different countries, creating a real picture and avoiding intensive use
of digital effects. Viewers who have traveled in Europe have nice joy
of recognition. And of course, the cast - from several countries, including character
actors from Great Britain, and giftedly chosen child actors. As for
personal contribution, the most imposing to me were Sean Bean as Ned
Stark, Peter Dinklage as Turion (won Golden Globe for his performance)
and Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau as Jaime Lannister - a Brit, an American,
and a Dane, respectively. But even smaller supporting roles were
deliberated and well performed. As for the use of violence or erotica,
I cannot agree with them who think it was unnecessary or too much;
those thinking so are apparently not good at history :)For the sake of the best comprehension, you should see all the episodes
and preferably more frequently than once a week. And it is better to
have a graph of characters at hand as - throughout the series - there
are several hundreds of them opening their mouth at least once, and
most of the names and places are not easy to memorize either.Anyway, I am looking forward to the Season 3 already, although it seems
that the weight of fantasy/magic increases.
"
"227" "
Game of Thrones may be the best book-to-movie(/TV show) adaptation I
have ever seen and is also the best fantasy I had the chance to enjoy.
Not being able to calm myself until season 3 came up, I started reading
the books (at the moment I'm at \"A dance with dragons which is the
latest volume in this series of so far) and can't say how happy I am to
see that the TV adaptation stays very close to its roots - not only
because the author of the books also helps writing the scripts for the
episodes. Of course there are many events which had need to be cut or
even left out but as a reader of the books I assure anyone that
watching the series does not leave you with mere impression of what is
delivered on written paper. \"A game of thrones\" aka \"A song of ice and
fire\" is: clever in its narrative; entertaining and really complex but
therefor way more satisfying than anything I ever watched; brings up
political and even ethical questions in a way which doesn't make them
look cheap;.... just puts a shame on every single badly-delivered
fantasy series out there ...If you haven't watched it yet - even if you're not in fantasy or
knights and swords - you may want to give this series a try.
"
"228" "
I am an addict. I love movies as I love TV series, drama, comedy, war <U+0085>
all genres. As long as a production has something to give, to pass to
its audience, I watch it.I'll start by saying that Lord of the Ring was, in my opinion, one of
the best movie series ever made. It made me drift into this fantasy
world, full of magic and beauty complemented by blood and hate. Game of
Thrones is the single TV series that has brought me close to that
feeling of warmth and for that, THANK YOU! It tells a story on many planes that always intercept at some point, it
links the power of name and blood to the will of the people, it gives
meaning to the word 'honor' and it surely makes you step into another
dimension, that of kings and magic. I'm not talking about real magic,
or not the 'Harry Potter' type at least, but about the magic of life,
love and power. You barely can handle the week between the episodes,
keen to see what comes next, what will that lord do and how will that
prisoner escape, keeps you on your toes. It gives you the feeling of
'everlasting', wishing that it will actually last forever because: IT'S
THAT GOOD!I will end by saying that this series is unique compared to all TV
series I've seen, better than Rome, Spartacus, The Tudors, etc<U+0085> It's
the closest you can get to the 'nobleness' it stands for so proudly.
"
"229" "
A friend recommended this series to me and I have to say I was not to
keen but I have a 13 year old son and I thought we could watch it
together. Having both played The Elder Scrolls series of computer
games, Morrowind, Oblivion and the latest Skyrim ,dragons included, we
were both struck as to how similar it was. However it is in every way a
superior example of the genre brought to life on the screen. The acting
is superb, costumes, sets and CGI all blend seamlessly into a visual
feast for the eyes. I would recommend this to anyone who has even a
passing interest in this sort of medieval fantasy world. All I can say
is HBO better not do a DEADWOOD or ROME and just wander off to pastures
new leaving the fans all wanting more.Just wait until those dragons
reach adolescence!
"
"230" "
Game of Thrones can't be qualified as a typical TV show. It can be easy
defined as an exceptional work made for TV. HBO once again showed us
how TV show can be made like the best in movie world. After Sopranos
and with Boardwalk Empire they gave us real pleasure and enjoyment in
front of TV screens that don't look like TV show, but rather quality
long running movies.I did not read a book that series are based on, but as a freshmen to
the theme I can only express true pleasure with this TV show.The plot breeds in tradition of any medieval fantasy story, reminds me
partly on Lord of the Rings with old classic movies scent, like it is
Ivanhoe or Robin Hood for example. Also the smell of Merlin and
Boorman's Excalibur are strong here.From cinematography to direction, everything is a first class, and
actors are wonderful. Sean Bean is at his best here unlike some movies
where he lacks his true potential.I am kind of impatient to see next season, but I am sure it will be
pure pleasure. I can tell you this, after watching such a show and
other I mentioned here, you will never again watch at so many TV
commercial crap that exist today.
"
"231" "Add another review"
"232" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"233" "
or continue to reach a 7 (so far...talking about my personal rating of
course). Book Reader here. Yes I know but to my \"excuse\", I was reading the
books when GOT Series was still a \"Fanboy Dream\".I was extremely pleasantly surprised by the series though. They managed
to incorporate many core elements of the books into the series,
especially in season 1. The actors were very well chosen and most of
them fit their roles even better than I could have imagined. Needless
to say, I was less critical and more \"happy\" about the series.There was one thing though that worried me from the beginning. The
Books had a problem. After Book 3 (Storm of Swords) there was a major
\"drag\" in the books. Suddenly all kinds of characters were introduced
in Book 4 (Feast for Crows) that had so far no real background. Many
major Characters were just dragging on to something somewhere and the
overall reading pace was...less pleasant. This is not just my opinion,
it can be well seen in the ratings of the books on some resellers
Websites. While the first three Books are \"breaking records\" on high
ratings, the two books after them have a sizable \"dent\".How would the series avoid this problem if at all? They managed to pull
it off somewhat in Season 5 by compacting many Story lines and
characters but still, it felt a little off compared to Season 4 (which
is roughly the content of book 3). Now with two Episodes down into
Season 6, the faults are more than obvious unfortunately.I am getting the feeling that the author (George Martin) had a \"Window
of Inspiration\" for the story, that was open for the first three books.
After that, the window closed and he tried to continue (for whatever
reason), without a clear vision of how the story should unfold. The
series goes down the same path and some decisions in storytelling
remind me to much of Hollywood.In the first 4 Seasons, when powerful people died, the viewer had a
good understanding of the reasons why, they may not have liked it
emotionally but they could understand and adjust to the situation
logically. In the first two Episodes of Season 6, we have two very
powerful people die in ways that are extremely against anything that
the storytelling has build up so far. The circumstances of their death,
while at least one of them for many people emotionally satisfying, defy
this fantasy universes own logic. This makes it harder for viewers to
accept this ultimately made up story. They might try to explain it to
themselves, to keep the enjoyment they are used to by now high, but
there will be a little \"sting\" in the back of their heads that will
lead to more critical acclaim as the episodes come down.Those two are just examples, there are more \"blunders\" and logical
errors in the two episodes of Season 6 but I wont go to much in detail.
You can read that all over the internets by now anyway.I am afraid that this show will not be able to uphold its own standards
and ultimately become mediocre at best. Because of Season 5 (which was
a 7) and the first two episodes of Season 6 (which are 5 at best) I had
to lower my rating from a 9 to 7. With the hopes that it is just a
rough start and they will tie up the knots at some point. I am not
holding my breath though.Edit after watching the whole Season 6:Have you at some point in your life ever wondered why reality is so
much different then in the movies? In reality, bad things happen to
good people and good things happen to bad people and sometimes good
things happen to good people and bad things happen to bad and sometimes
good becomes bad and bad becomes good and sometimes you don't even know
what is good and what is bad. In the movies, good is good and bad is
bad, you know, keep it simple for a broad audience.Game of Thrones brilliance is/was that it managed to prove that a broad
audience can be reached with the truth, that so many Producers seem to
deem to complicated for us \"simple folk\". Just as I stated in the above
sentence, GoT too was a mish mash of things happening but always
understable and well presented.Now we seem to be back to the simple good/evil formula. Daenerys, Jon
and Tyrion are here to save the day. We will burn the evil forces of
the undead with the righteous fire of our dragons and all will be well.
We sing, we dance and we continue watching cartoons. Sad really.I am a little too harsh yes. I know many people like the series still
and I don't want to finish without saying something good about it. The
battle scene in Ep. 9 is very very well done indeed and may yet set
standards for even Big Budget Hollywood productions.So, there you have it, I even finished my review on a positive note.
"
"234" "
Peter Dinklage and Charles Dance...absolutely brilliant, My boys kept
on at me to watch this show for a few years so I obliged by sitting
down and watching episode 1 of Season 1. A week later I had got through
to the end of Season 4. I am just about to watch Season 5. I have to
say this has been one of the best TV shows I have ever watched. I cant
emphasis enough the brilliant acting of Peter Dinklage who for me
absolutely steals every scene..with the exception on occasions of
Charles Dance. The CGI is fantastic and the action sequences are
excellent. It took me a while to fathom out who was who with all the
Names/Houses etc but once I got my head around them it was brilliant.
"
"235" "
Okay i admit it, i never thought i'd be watching a series such as this.
I only started watching it because one of my favourite footballers
watched it! And i was so addicted, an amazing show with a great
storyline. I love how some of the characters are so lovable and others
are not. My favourite definitely has to be Tyrion Lannister, Arya Stark
and Jon Snow. Its so hard waiting nearly a year for the new season to
start again but I'm glad there are books which i am hoping to read
soon. It can be quite difficult to grasp the storyline at time
especially because i am not used to shows such as this, but listening
carefully and sometimes just googling stuff i don't understand really
helps. I finished all four seasons in four days which as you can tell i
was very much addicted. I would recommend all viewers to watch!
"
"236" "
This is by far the best thing on Television, better than a lot of
movies in fact.This is what you get when you take an amazing story and put British and
American heads together :) truly spectacularWell written, true to the books, well acted, and considering all the
different character stories incredibly engaging.Only gripe ... more than ten episodes a season please...Cancel all this reality crap and spend More money making shows like
this.a truly intelligent well thought out piece of television
"
"237" "
I am writing this as I am re-watching the first season On Demand in
preparation for the April 1 premier of the second season. Currently the
original series is rated at 9.4 stars with 94,807 votes; I don't recall
ever seeing a show rated so high, and with so many votes. This was a
fantastic production, and I'm looking forward to the next installment.I originally watched the series when it first aired. I had not read the
books, and to be honest, didn't exactly know what I was getting into. I
had thought it was set in medieval Britain, but I quickly realized the
story is set in the mythical land of Westeros. This mythical setting
allowed Mr. Martin the flexibility to write a fantastic tale of human
lives, with love, hate, honor, betrayal, sex, lust, war, and other
struggles that would have been something less had it been set on Earth.
I did download an app for my iPad that was called the GoT companion,
and this provided me much of the back-story that was not explained in
the series. I thought the production was so good that I purchased the
books once the series ended.It seems most of the low ratings and poor reviews disliked the show
because of the sex and violence. I find this humorous for a few
reasons, the first being that the show is clearly rated AC, AL, N, V
(AKA: Adult Content, Adult Language, Nudity, Violence). They show the
ratings at the beginning of the program so that children, young and
old, will not have their delicate sensibilities infringed upon.
Secondly, the story is set in another time, on another world, with
other gods and religions; from what we've seen so far, it appears that
their gods and religions are not obsessed with human sexual practices,
unlike several of our Earthy religions. That seems like a highly
civilized concept if you ask me.
"
"238" "
As this is not necessarily my genre (sci-fi being more my type of
interest), I was sceptic about getting hooked on such a
medieval/fantasy series. Especially during the pilot, I wasn't sure if
I would watch it until the end.Though the captivating storyline, the excellent cast, the breathtaking
images and landscape, the soundtrack and especially the suspense and
almost subtle but suffocating twists did the trick for me.Games of Thrones is a gem of a series and I am hoping to watch many
more seasons!Thank you for such an excellent production!
"
"239" "
Wow!!! This is a series you won't regret watching, it was amazing from
start to finish, each episode was superb. When GoT aired on Sky
Atlantic here in the UK I couldn't watch it because like 60% of the
population I don't have Sky TV but another digital TV provider.But I am so glad I made the effort to watch this online. I was hooked
and spent three days watching the whole 10 episodes last month. This
lead me to buy and read all of the books released so far. I am eagerly
awaiting season 2 and even though I've read the books it wont diminish
my pleasure as I know the producers can and will do justice to this
epic tale.Thank you HBO, well done and please don't stop until George RR Martin
writes the last book and you have delivered us the entire story, I look
forward to a few years of good TV.
"
"240" "
There is no word to explain my gratitude to the Directors and George
Martin for not messing with the main story in the books and adapting
the show right as it should be, no like the mokery named \"Legend of the
Seeker\".For newcomers, this show is unlike what you normally see on TV, much as
the books are. Everything is so real and every decision and turn of
events is like what could've happen if this story was in the real
world.Every episode is a great feast for the eyes and must be seen if you are
a fan of fantasy series.
"
"241" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"242" "
When we think of fantasy novels, classic myths, and epic stories in
general, a consistent theme in all them is that basic, easy-to-identify
good is fighting against basic, easy-to-identify evil. Think of Beowulf
fighting Grendel and his mother, or Frodo trying to destroy the one
ring, or Odysseus trying to get back to Greece. The heroes are
instantly obvious because they are all handsome, smart, and wielding
some sort of blessed weapon against their ugly, brutish and stupid
opponents. Game of Thrones completely throws away these preconceptions
and creates a world where there are plenty of easy to identify villains
but a terrible shortage of easy to identify heroes. The series takes
place in a Middle- Earthish world where seasons last for years; the
summers are times of plentiful food, sunshine, and peace, but the
winters are brutal, nasty, and infested with armies of creatures called
\"white walkers\" that consume everything in their reach. Fortunately,
they sleep in the far north behind a great wall of ice during the
summer. The series takes place during a nine year summer that is about
to end; white walkers are said to have been spotted rising from their
slumber, but the wall is maintained by bands of poorly supplied
soldiers that are either too old or too incompetent to fight them off.
The human kingdoms to the south aren't prepared either, for enormous
amounts of court intrigue and corruption constantly threatens to
explode into civil war. As if all this weren't enough, the descendants
of a mad line of kings overthrown decades earlier have settled into a
wild land across the sea, and are building an army of ravenous horsemen
to retake their throne...If you don't want your innocence ruined, don't watch this series. But
if you want a bloody, seductive, and much more realistic version of the
fantasy genre, the Game of Thrones was hand made for you.
"
"243" "
I'm no fan of history shows, whatever type it be. Yet i do enjoy this
show. And that's no little thing, especially when it be coming from a
startrek/stargate addict. It's purely fictional, yet it ressembles
Middle Age England. I admire screenplayers and actors for using a
pretty strong language sometimes, yet i have no criticism on that, i
believe it makes the show more real. Truly brits. I wish i had a
detailed map of the Realm and a genetic map of all the characters.
There are so many distinct characters, sometimes is hard to keep track
on who's related to whom. I don't know why IMDb.com is forcing me to
write at least 10 lines of text on this subject! If i'd write 10 pages
on it, it still wouldn't be enough. You just have to watch it for
yourselves!
"
"244" "Add another review"
"245" "
Only let yourself go, sit back and enjoy the magnificent history that
gives us the great maker HBO series that for many years (The Wire, The
Sopranos, True Blood, Band of Brothers, The Pacific, Generation Kill,
Treme, Boardwalk Empire, makes Carnivale, Oz, Rome, Six Feet Under, Sex
and the City) has given us one of the best television products ever.
For many years they have dared everything: Mafia, crime, prison dramas,
even met them well with vampires, but not content with that, after
signing, to my three best exponents of war films, namely, \"The
Pacific\", \"Band of Brothers\" and \"Generation Kill\", or the
extraordinary series \"The Wire\", decided that a medieval set in a dark
and gloomy world drama was something they had to do and they did. They
took an expert on the subject, Timothy Van Patten and began directing.They issued the first chapters highlight especially for its magnificent
setting, something that Jackson achieved with Tolkien's work, and
although the magical element is not yet developed as will, sure, this
new series goes on to become the must of the season for fans of the
work and unaware of it, it is not necessary to know the continuous
struggles of the noble houses of the continent invented by the power to
sack enjoy a mix of \"The Lord of the Rings\" and \"The Pillars of the
Earth\" by instance.Houses \"Stark\", \"Baratheon\", \"Lannister\" and \"Targaryen\" are already
more than outlined in the first deliveries and although it will be
impossible to fully adapt all the work, the result is truly more than
promising. Betrayal, jealousy, revenge marriages of convenience and
populate our screens, in a magical and fantastic setting slightly
reminiscent of medieval Europe or even to Middle-earth in dark times.Extraordinary work of the actors, especially Sean Bean. Anyone with
cinematic memory remembers how much he did enjoy his role as \"Boromir\"
in the trilogy of \"The Lord of the Rings\". Magnificent setting.
Credible, very style of Peter Jackson's trilogy, but less bright and
colorful scenes. Good script, carrying a ponderous plot that teaches
you step by step what life is like in that world, the viewer leaves
much work. I like that. Just it needs to see a few chapters to certify
that we have a great series only available to HBO.
"
"246" "
It is an amazing show in many perspectives and I can see why people
loves it. I did to. The show started awesome but a bit into the second
season pace began to fade. In season three, it was obvious: Inspiration
for Daenerys Targaryen must come from Moses' 40-year wandering in the
desert home to Israel from Egypt. I have completely lost interest in
the series, although I'm impressed by the production and all the
actor's efforts. The series has produced many exciting characters and
let viewers get acquainted with many new promising actors / actresses.
Veteran actors has popped up to the surface again and proved their
greatness. Game of Thrones has lots of qualities and the series has in
many areas outperformed everything else that has been shown on
television before ... but ... the lethargic pace sucks the will to live
out of me. Sure, things happen... people are dying and the new \"wild
cards\" are thrown into the game. The problem is that it does not feel
as if it matters. I'm not against the drama part but it feels like the
awesome entertainment is suffering from drama being to stretched out
and not leading anywhere. The series has not reached its end yet so my
review is not engraved in granite but I no longer following series
after the 4th season. Likely I'm going to see the rest when the entire
series available on iTunes or similar. I rate it 5 stars because it at
this point bores me. Who knows? Maybe I will restore the 10 I gave the
show after season one after I seen the last episode?
"
"247" "
This show is damn awesome. The location, the characters, the targeriyans, the king's road, the
dragon egg's, the mad king, the loyal friend, the bastards, the dwarfs,
the traitors, the plotters, the unholy lovers, the pet- wolves, the
night's watch, the WALL, the blue eyed spirits of the haunted forest,
the noob who becomes the king, the cunning lannisters, the prince with
blonde hair, the tyranny surrounding the word Khal Drogo, the gulf of
grief, the chameleon Baelish, and much much more!I don't generally prefer TV shows because they run too long and the
story keeps never ends. Luckily my friend recommended that since entire
season 1 is out there, why not watch it all? Here's the twist, each
episode is a master-piece. I watched first episode, my mind blew-off in bewilderment of the 'pure'
violence & love, the characters displayed to play the Game of Thrones. The Baratheon King is a extremely cunning character, who never takes
the center stage and yet remains purely in power. The Starks are the
most lovable family with an unfathomable family pride. The all-
powerful Lannisters, a family or kingdom in themselves. The bastard
dwarf is one of best characters I have ever seen in any TV show. A
character so tiny yet so powerful. Tyrion Lannister's dialogue delivery
& portrayal of 'the bastards' is absolutely stunning. He is chatty and
witty, probably the only Lannister without the trademark
characteristics of a Lannister!and I could go on and on about the other characters!More than anything, all episodes remains absolutely loyal to the title,
'Game of Thrones'.
"
"248" "
I've never read the books so had no idea what to expect when I started
watching this series. But everyone I knew who had read the books raved
about them, so I wanted to see what the fuss was about. I don't know
that I would've stuck with the books if I'd started those first, with
some subjects, I find visual images more interesting than printed
versions. I have to say, I'm officially hooked, and have just finished the fourth
series. I've never been disappointed with most of the acting, some of
the leads are particularly good. The people you're meant to despise do
an epic job of making you feel exactly the right way. But then again,
some of those I hated at first have now become my favourites, the
character development has been excellent. I found some story lines
truly shocking and upsetting, since I'd grown to really care about the
people involved. It has a lot of fantasy elements also, which make the story even more
interesting for me. The CG is really good and hasn't disappointed. The
violence is quite extreme and very convincing, and has made me gag a
little now and then, but it just adds to the realism. Some of the sex
scenes are also a bit gratuitous, but nothing I'd really complain
about. There's only one main character who's got on my nerves to the point
where I hate her scenes, she's so smug and self-entitled, but seems to
be a favourite among fans. I'm hoping she either gets knocked off her
high horse (or rather her dragon), or she develops some humility and
grows on me. I'd highly recommend this show to anyone. I never believed I'd get so
immersed, but I can't wait for the next season.
"
"249" "
Game of Thrones is my absolute favorite series. It has everything you
could want from a good series. Love, hate, joy, excitement, sadness and
of course sex appeal. The actors fit their roles perfectly, and the
roles perfectly in the story. The story is over time becoming more
demanding and branches to dozens of people. The scenes are also
incredible and win the heart of the viewer. For every Fantasy Fan Game
of Thrones is simply required. With his history, his characters and his
scenes of Game of Thrones is one of the best series ever. So I
recommend everyone to buy the series, it sure is worth it.,,Game of Thrones is an incredible experience\"
"
"250" "
The characters are among the most memorable ever, the acting and
writing is amazing. My favorite thing about the series is how much you
get into it. For example there are characters that even though we know
they're just acting we either hate them with all our might, we cry when
great characters die, and we feel connected with these well crafted
characters.The story is on a very large scale that at first seems impossible to
keep track of because it's so large but eventually when you adapt to
the show you know exactly who's who and what's what. Once you get there
the show is a non stop enjoyment with some of the most memorable
moments in television.There's lots of sex, graphic violence, and so on and some complain
about it being a \"porno\" but to me it wouldn't feel right without all
the exploited things in this show. If you are into a show you can hinge
nearly nonstop without getting bored here you go.
"
"251" "
It's always the same every season in got. It happens very little the
first 7 episodes and the last 3 is just insane and the viewers love it. There are so many reviews out there about this so I'm not sure what to
add. But what I can add is that GOT really steps up the game for making
series. It's so well made and rich in every aspect. I have longed for a really good fantasy series to follow and GOT is the
one series that has been able to fill that gap.The atmosphere is really good and the acting is flawless. The story
captivates you and the love and hate for characters makes you almost
like a part of the series itself.We do not sow.
"
"252" "
First of all entire credit goes to George R.R. Martin,D.B. Weiss and
David Benioff for writing a wonderful script and then to directors and
other departments worked for this show and kept in front of us.
Generally i don't watch fantasy and drama genres but started to watch
it then season begins between two royal families and kept on watching
season by season that made me worth to watch its twists and waiting
others to come.In this show every character has equal importance with a
nice screenplay.Main theme song is nicely composed. After watching
three seasons i can plot it in single line, main aim to capture the
throne but having lot of depth involved mainly in betrayal. Be patient
to watch the show then only it will be interest if not don't judge it
by seeing two to three episodes. Till know there is no flaw in the show
hope not will be in coming seasons also. Finally the series is simply
fantastic.
"
"253" "
Perhaps I'm not being as objective as i could, even then this amazing
series is one of the most stunning TV shows, don't know in the future,
but right now its possible and probably the best TV series.GOT haven't point of comparison with other series like breaking bad,
homeland, mad men, I'm sorry for those who like this series but they
just not as good as GOT, don't matter what the EMMY's says, i like to
believe that we already know how the EMMY's usually works for the
benefit of just a few. talking about braking bad, or mad men that i
also enjoy, are a really good TV shows but also are more popular, made
with the objective of make more people to like it without being too
risky or controversial, or mature, I know that GOT its some times
harder to watch (for some people) because this series wasn't made for
everyone, was made to be the best show, something like no other TV
show, epic, savage, crude, and surprisingly real in the human behavior,
of course attached to a fantasy story with dragons, magic, epic
battles, and so many secrets to discover.I literally don't have all the correct adjectives or words to describe
it (english is not my native language) and even if i loose some
objectivity rating this a 10 over 10, the great work that all the
people involved put in this series deserves no less than a 9 rate in a
movie/series rater website, considering that if u give it a 9 that will
mean that there is no other series capable to have the same rate.In all aspect, from technical, sound, video, editing, mixing,
direction, cast, actresses and actors, story, plot, script... in every
single aspect it's a flawless piece of work.Just want to say Thanks! to George R. R. Martin for write this great
story., and to Emilia Clarke just thank you for existing and being part
of GOT.Thank you to all of you in Game of Thrones.
"
"254" "
My title says it all. Why do people compare series or movies with the
books? Series or a movie can NEVER be as good as a book! I almost never
read books but when you read a book you use your imagination and your
imagination is ALWAYS better then seeing series. Just to say that the
comparison is pure rubbish. You can compare series to series, movies to
movies and books to books but not compare a series to a movie or a book
to movie, etc.. Some of the critics here say that the cast is bad. I
dare people to make a better cast for this show, especially Peter
Dinklage as Tyrion Lannister is superb. I never read the books and I think Game of Thrones is awesome. Maybe
it's because I never read the books, maybe it's because it's just a
brilliant show. But only for the opening credits you can give this show
a point or 2 extra. I say this without any doubt in my mind that that
is the best opening of a show ever made.For the people who compare this to LOTR. Yes, it's a bit of the same
scenery with the knights and the fortresses but except for that they
has no similarities. LOTR is mostly known for their epic battles were
Game of thrones is more about honor, love, betrayal,... . And as I said
movies can't be compared with series. This is a perfect example. In
series it's much more about character building with lot's of characters
were movies focus more on one character or like in LOTR they focus more
on the mission of destroying the ring and the story around that. You
can say that the ring is the main character in those movies. Game of
thrones has lot's of main characters (The Lannisters, The Starks,
Daenerys Targaryen, Jon Snow, Theon Greyjoy, etc.).What I think about this show is that it's the second best series I've
ever watched (except from breaking bad). If you like a well written,
well acted fantasy series with lot's of drama, action and humor you
should watch this show. You WILL like it !
"
"255" "Add another review"
"256" "
Game of Thrones is easily one of the best shows on TV at the moment
along with Breaking Bad, and is perhaps one of the finest ever. The
detail is incredible and every episode is superb. Peter Dinklage is
entertaining as are the rest of the cast, but with such great detail
into the whole world of Westeros it's easy to understand why every
character is so enigmatic and wonderful- whether their evil like the
tyrannical King Joffrey or kind-hearted like Emelia Clarke's Daenerys
Targaryen. Season 1 is probably it's best so far, but with episodes
like 'Blackwater' and 'The Rains of Castamere' each season is assured
to be a thrilling watch, worthy of your attention. Any show that can
fearlessly kill off some of its best characters and maintain the same
level of class like Game of Thrones does deserves attention and this
series, despite taking a while to reach a pivotal point, is continually
intense and never, ever boring.
"
"257" "
Not for a long time has television seen a show of such allure. Game of
Thrones has taken me as well as thousands of other viewers by our ears
and eyes into a new world, one that we become emotionally attached to.
When starting such a series, one must be skeptical, but no fear, this
is a ride you want to stay on. Perfectly cast, and entertaining and
informational to even the people who have not read the novels, the
creators of the show have hit this one out of the ballpark. I
personally have become engrossed and am always craving more of my
favorite house's adventures in Westeros.Thank you, HBO, for taking me to a new place for an hour at a time.
"
"258" "
As many people have mentioned, it is great to see a book to film
adaptation that really stays true to the book. The books are so amazing
in their depth, and the complexity of the world was unlike anything I
had ever read. In a way it was almost like a dramatized version of a
true story. The fact that the series has stayed so close to the books
is rather surprising since even books with much simpler stories tend to
lose a lot going to film. One thing I find very amusing is that most of
the negative reviews that I read (and I read quite a few) were written
by people who never read the books. It makes me wonder if they would
have hated the books, or just hated the series because they didn't know
what to expect, and the story doesn't fit the typical fantasy
movie/series mold. ( Let me add that starting a bad review of a fantasy
series saying that you hate fantasy stories makes no sense. If you know
you don't like something, don't watch it!) Anyway, for a story as
complex as this one to be adapted so well as this is a rare thing, and
I am very glad to see such a great series of books turn into such a
great series on film.I do recommend that if you are totally new to this series you read the
books, or at least the first book before watching the series. While it
is not absolutely necessary, I think you will get more out of it, and
enjoy it much more.
"
"259" "
this is one of the if not the best show I have ever seen. it has tits,
blood and dragons sadly every season is just 10 episodes. they are 1
hour long though. the visuals are amazing and the series is easily
downloadable (i didn't download it of course). one advise i should give
is that you should not search the web for Game of Thrones. or the
comment section on YouTube. it is filled with spoilers. the series is
based upon a series of books. the people that read these book are giant
assholes because they will spoil every thing before it even happened in
the series.with that said. go watch the show! if you haven't yet. you do not know
what you are missing out on. ~loldude12
"
"260" "
It took a little while to figure out all the threads but this season
has held every emotion. Its crazy good. The characters are rich and
complex and force you to change your opinions of them over time. The
writers have created a completely different world which I buy into just
like any of the great science fiction entries of the past that
transported me into something extraordinary. Prepare to love and hate
once it sucks you in.The female characters steal the show. My absolute favorite is the
youngest Stark girl, Arya. She is fierce and driven and remarkable,
surviving everything thrown at her. The female characters are so
strong, in fact, that the males - who rule the world - put their lives
on the line for them...happily.
"
"261" "
This show is so good, it made me watch its first two seasons for five
times until now. Each time I discovered new, more subtle details, which
gave the story even more meaning. I have never been so hooked up to a
show.The story is extremely captivating. There are a lot of subplots, more
or less interconnected to each other, each having its own
characteristic \"color\". One can tell immediately that it is based on a
good book.The characters are complex. A good versus evil split between them is
hard to draw, since you can easily relate to them through different
situations. This is very pleasantly surprising, given the fact that the
show depicts a fantasy world, which would automatically lead to the
good/evil split like in so many fantasy worlds (e.g. Lord Of The Rings,
Harry Potter, Chronicles Of Narnia...). But not this show. Here you can
see a fantasy world which is closer to the real one, where people act
as driven by different reasons, beliefs or desires.The plot is often breathtaking, and the show is filled with shocking
events, which make you question you expectations a lot. The drama is so
good, there were a couple of big moments throughout the show where the
major goosebumps I experienced were accompanied by trembling hands and
wet eyes.If you haven't watched this show yet, you don't know what you're
missing!
"
"262" "
The casting, acting, story-line, fantasy - well I could keep describing
the outline of the show but there is no need for that, this is a great
show, never before have I given a 10/10 but I have to admit this show
deserves it, I hope it goes for further than 3-4 seasons, shows like
this deserve to continue and I'm pretty sure everyone who has seen it
would agree. Season 3 is something I've been awaiting for quite a while and my
expectations are to be met, I am pretty sure of that, as so far game of
thrones hasn't let me down, season 1-2 were amazing, specially how they
twist the story and play with the cast, overall amazing.
-latinohabanero :)
"
"263" "
\"Game Of Thrones\" is becoming one of a legendary TV Show because of its
PerfectionStory, Direction and Acting are just quite Marvelous and accurate, each
episode have something entertaining to show, I would like to say that
an hour wasting of watching \"Game of Thrones\" is not a quite
wasting,Because You can't realize how smoothly this hour passes. Story
Line is just Wonderful and unique. People are trying to compare it with
\"Lords of the Ring\" But trust me, Here's no Comparison. As \"Lord Of the
Rings\" was Legendary On Big Screen, In the same Manner \"Game Of
Thrones\" is becoming Legendary on Small Screen, Only Two seasons have
shown Quite things. Sometimes it seems now what is left to make? But as
New Episode releases,prevails entertainment more and more.
"
"264" "
I just watched the first two episodes of Spartacus and I am unsure if I
want to bother watching any more of that series. In stark (no pun intended) contrast, I was absolutely captivated by
Game of Thrones by the first episode of the first season. I am pretty critical and up to the latest episode, I cannot say
anything negative about Game of Thrones. It sets the bar impossibly
high for all TV series. Game of Thrones represents the epitome of
classiness, quality, character development, and it has successfully
included sex and violence in a manner that is necessary for the story
line.Kudos to all those involved! It is everything that Spartacus is not!
"
"265" "
Being a huge fan of the books and a chronic cynic; I had many concerns
when I heard they were making the series; how would they bring these
books to film and do them justice. My largest concern was the difficult
task the actors were handed. The books are written from the POV's of
numerous characters; each chapter having a designated character. So you
are inside the head of a character for all the events in the books. You
learn the character's traits and motivations through his or her
thoughts. This obviously cannot be done on film, so it comes down to
the actors to portray what these characters are going through without
the audience being able to hear their thoughts. I cannot name a single
actor that fails at this. This cast is exceptional. Some notable shout
outs go to the young members of the cast who are so essential to the
story. Cudos to Jack Gleeson, Sophie Turner, Maisie Williams, and Isaac
Hempstead Wright for pulling off Joffrey, Sansa, Arya, and Bran so
successfully. Another shout out to Jason Momoa for Khal Drogo. When
your character speaks a language created for the show; it becomes even
more difficult to portray that character. Mr Momoa does it so
successfully you want to stop reading the subtitles and watch him
perform.Another thing I was concerned about was the scope of the world and
giving an accurate portrayal on film. There are so many descriptive
locations in the books that needed to be shown to tell the stories. The
locations were amazing. Most impressive to me were the Wall and The
Eyrie; both whose features are not only difficult to portray; but vital
to the story. The Sky Prison was just as I pictured.My only critique is how difficult it is to take large book with a large
cast and portray all the important details within the stories. I
watched the series with my wife (who has not read the books) and at
least once an episode had to explain some things that got glossed over.
But over all an amazing vision of an amazing series of books. A must
see.
"
"266" "Add another review"
"267" "
Words cannot describe how amazing this show is. If you love medieval
fantasy and are a huge fan of the \"A Song Of Ice And Fire\" series, this
is definitely a faithful adaption.As mentioned above, the series is based on the fantasy saga \"A Song Of
Ice And Fire\" by New York Times bestselling author George R.R. Martin.
Each book has reached number one or close to it, respectfully. Set in a
world reminiscent of medieval Europe, where winters can span decades,
and summers can last a month, noble families vie for the Iron Throne
and kingship over Westeros.The first season is phenomenal, and conveys mostly everything from the
first book in the series, \"A Game Of Thrones\". Every actor chosen fits
the character so well, you believe they ARE their character. Sean Bean,
my favorite actor of all time, is phenomenal is Eddard \"Ned\" Stark, the
protagonist of the first book. He conveys the emotions in Ned
perfectly, and he the scene where.... Well, I won't spoil anything for
you. It is really hard to praise just one actor with this show, as
everything feels so believable.The sets and props are OUTSTANDING. Each weapon, each piece of
clothing, has such detail, you just want to pause the show and look at
it up close to admire the craftsmanship that went into such work. The
sets, beautiful. Northern Ireland and Malta are the perfect places for
this show to be filmed in. Every environment looks so natural, and fits
the books very well.Now the special effects for a show with a budget of %50 million or so
are.... Honestly, I can't find words to describe how amazing they are.
Want to know how real they look? Go to YouTube and search \"Game Of
Thrones visual effects\".If you are a fan of the books of medieval things in general, this show
is DEFINITELY worth checking out. Some say it starts off slow, and yes,
it somewhat does, but you will NOT be disappointed, since the show is
only going uphill from here as it suits up for its second action packed
season. Winter is coming, and by the Seven, I hope it continues to
stay.
"
"268" "
Game of Thrones is a great series, not mainly because of it's great
visual effects, fast action and cinematic looks (although those are
pretty good too...), but because of it's characters. They are all
extremely believable and interesting, they really are the heart of this
series. Should those characters be taken away, then everything
collapses dramatically, for sure. Almost every line, every moment and
every scene is filled with complicated and intriguing emotions and
situations. With every episode the characters grow bigger and bigger,
creating a realism and depth you rarely see in today's television
series. The only thing that i found irritating from time to time was
the fact that the environment (and perspective) changes a lot, giving
you the feeling of hopping through the world, every time a scene gets
really interesting, the camera hops away to another perspective. But
that's a detail and doesn't nearly compare to the greatness of this
series. I really recommend giving it a chance, you won't regret it!
"
"269" "
HBO did a great job with this show. I was afraid they may not follow
the source material (like AMC did with \"The walking dead\") or that
their depiction of certain events and people/creatures would suck) but
I was pleasantly surprised. All of the cast members did a great job and
most of them really fit the characters their were assigned. The
production values are excellent, everything looks as if this were a big
budget film, it really must have cost them a fortune to make this show.
Except for a few (mostly minor) exceptions they were really true to the
book and all of the major events were shown with as much detail as they
were in the book. However there were some changes I didn't like. The
biggest one is the age of the \"children\" (the Starks, Baratheons and
Daenerys). Almost every single one (except maybe Arya) is way too old.
Rob and Jon are 14 in the books. Here they look to be in their late
teens or early twenties. The same goes for Daenerys, she is supposed to
be 13, here she looks like 20. In her case it would be somewhat
understandable since the producers were probably concerned about
showing a 13 year old girl f*cking like she does, but in the case of
the boys I see no valid reason for the change, and considering that the
events in the books so far span a few years where you see the
characters growing older the decision to cast older actors seems rather
nearsighted. The biggest age difference is from Rickon (also known in
the show as the invisible Stark :P). In the book he is about 2. Here he
must be 6 or 7 at least. Another thing I didn't like were the scenes
that weren't in the book, like the ones with The Spider and
Littlefinger or the homo-erotic scene between Stannis and Loras Tyrell
and the ones that are in the book but not in the show, namely the
battles. There are only 2 battles in the first book but we only see
their aftermath in the show (and in one of them an important fact
-certain deaths- is not mentioned). I can understand that this may have
been due to a time constraint (they were trying to fit the entire book
in a mere 10 episodes) but if it was due to budget constraints one has
to wonder what are they going to do in he following seasons? Books 3 to
4 (I haven't read 5 yet) have dozens of battles, some very large
(including a naval battle), that are essential to the plot. If they
choose to only show their aftermaths that will certainly detract from
the show.
"
"270" "
I have finally found a modern TV series that genuinely deserves its
IMDb score (9.5). When I was first told of Game of Thrones, I was very
sceptical - mostly due to everyone going on about the sex scenes and
violence. That's usually an indicator that the writers are compensating
for a poor story / script (like most gangster films and shows). But
here, it's being done to reach out to the more mindless among us and
boost ratings further (which I think is a terrible mistake, because
this excellent show would be even better with less gratuitous
nonsense).So that's my one main criticism. Some people are defending the show
from this and need to stop doing it. The sex, swearing, and violence
are, at times, totally gratuitous; they are there simply for shock
value. I think that's a real shame, too, because it devalues the work
as a whole and dramatic impact relies on clever use of such
scenes/language - to use it when needed. Like with the book, the use of
the word 'cunt' (for example) is ridiculous. A word's impact on its
audience is easily lost when it's used every single time and all the
time. It's not clever, people. Please learn this.With that out of the way, let me tell you why Game of Thrones is the
greatest thing I have watched since Babylon 5: 1. Main characters are not protected from death or serious injury. This
makes situations far more believable and takes us away from mindless
predictability (like Star Trek La-la Land). Things are far more
exciting, aren't they, when you are not sure if a character is safe? It
makes you care more about the story. I have been waiting a LONG time
for a writer to realize this and execute it properly. 2. The story is interesting and multi-dimensional. I don't like to use
the word \"deep\", but if it were ever being applied to something, this
would deserve it. We follow multiple characters and situations across
the fictional world - we aren't stuck in one place, following a
predictable linear plot. It works absolutely. In the books, some
characters are 'point of view' and you can follow their stories
individually, if you want to. The TV show does a superlative job in
weaving all these plots together and maintaining a good pace. The
characters are well developed and interesting. I can't find a single
criticism of the story, other than certain things have been changed
from the books that should not have been.3. Dramatic tension is more or less sustained. And very effectively. So
many other TV shows get this wrong by having ridiculous and unrealistic
feats at every turn, without a care for believability.4. The acting The acting is top drawer and the characters are well
portrayed. Joffrey, for example, was expertly captured both in script,
acting and appearance. It's a ridiculously professional job all round.5. The pacing As I said, the pacing is great (and that is despite of a
complicated set of branching plots and sub-plots). The decision to have
a smaller number of episodes per season than other shows is exactly
what is needed for it to work well. The tendency for some shows is to
try and churn out as many episodes as possible, wrecking the pace, but
the plan here is perfectly executed and the enormous budget well
distributed.6. The music Most great films/games/TV shows have good soundtracks and
music, and this is no exception. From the very first time you hear the
theme tune, you'll know that effort has gone into this department.7. Set design The budget is well used to make the fictional world come
alive and look incredibly realistic. The characters costumes, too, are
well designed. I am not sure how much CGI is being used here, but the
graphics do not come across as phony or stupid as was the case in The
Hobbit by Jackson or the Star Wars Prequels.I have watched the first 4 seasons of Game of Thrones and, so far,
there has been no sign of decline. Almost all other shows I have
watched (including The Big Bang Theory, I am sorry to say) have all
blown themselves out because of a lack of plan and their appeal to
larger audiences - that isn't the case here. I really hope the books
and the TV show keep to this standard and give the story the justice it
deserves. The signs look promising, but only time will tell.
"
"271" "
Before I say anything; I used to despise Game of Thrones. I hated when
everybody talked about it. I hated when I saw it mentioned on Facebook
or TV. Then I actually watched it. Never before have I been so immersed
in a series. Although I have not read the books, I have heard that the
show follows the books better than nearly every adaption, and that
amazes me. To me, the storyline of Game of Thrones is great; it has
action, drama, love, and comedy. The only flaws I find in the show is
the overuse of pointless sex scenes. They're completely fine with, but
because of the nudity the show gets a bad reputation with some people,
and it annoys me that they don't actually hear how good the show is.
All in all, Game of Thrones is a must watch series, and in my opinion,
the best show in TV history.
"
"272" "
I've always used to see many TV shows, but when, on April 2014, I saw
Game Of Thrones for the first time, I realized that it is much more
than just a TV show: maybe, someday this will became EPIC, and children
will study GOT instead of ancient Greek mythology etc.I don't like to read the book after I've seen the movie or see the
movie after I've liked a book, but this time I'm reading all the books,
I'm already at the third one, also if I have a busy life!Landscapes are wonderful, such as the show is based on real middle-age
history and customs. It is called fantasy, and I've heard many guys
saying that GOT it's just violence and nudes, but it is not. There is
just a few magic, but the real wars are fought with brains, and as the
show goes on, you won't care anymore of blood and sexuality.There is not any main character, anyone could die in every single
moment, this is sometimes sad, but I've never seen anything like that!Perfect casting, George R.R. Martin is a master of suspense...what else
do I have to say? Just see it!
"
"273" "
As the summary states, do yourself a favor and do NOT watch this \"TV
show.\" What I mean by this is that Game of Thrones will spoil you to
the point of making you sick. Nothing else you watch, on television or
otherwise, will provide the gut-wrenching, tear- jerking, soul
shattering moments that Game of Thrones causes one to feel on a regular
basis. Many of the emotions you experience are simply indescribable. As
you watch it, it is akin riding your first roller coaster. The way that
first hill makes you realize with dread that you are at the mercy of a
beast; the plunge that follows, causing your insides to rise from your
stomach to your throat; the countless twists and turns which
momentarily lull you into a false sense of safety before jerking your
body in a new direction; and, finally, when the ride is over and you
struggle to regain your composure, staggering uncontrollably to return
to reality's homeostasis. As an avid Braveheart/Gladiator/Saving
Private Ryan movie buff, this show easily rises to those levels. And,
in some ways, because it is essentially a multi-hour cinema experience,
Game of Thrones surpasses them in theatric quality. Like I said, please
don't watch the show. It makes you wonder all over again which rock Mel
Gibson, Ridley Scott, and Steven Spielberg are hiding under.
"
"274" "
This is a violently graphic and strong retelling about facing off among
various families in an undetermined time . Nine noble families battle
for control of the mythical land of Westeros. Robert Baratheon (Mark
Addy) , King of Westeros, asks his old friend Eddard ¨Ned¨(Sean Bean),
Lord Stark, to serve as Hand of the King, or highest official. When Ned
returned to Winterfell at the end of Robert's Rebellion, he had a
bastard son, Jon Snow, by an unknown woman he had met in the South. He
raised Jon alongside his five trueborn children Robb (Richard Madden) ,
Sansa (Sophie Turner) , Arya (Maisie Williams) , Bran (Isaac Hempstead
Wright) , and Rickon (Art Parkinson) . Along with the Stark family is
Theon (Alfie Allen), he became a ward of Lord Eddard \"Ned\" Stark at
Winterfell, and he became close with Robb . Although Ned is secretly
warned that the previous Hand was assassinated, Eddard accepts in order
to investigate further . Meanwhile the Queen's family, the Lannisters,
may be hatching a plot to take power . There appears Tyrion (Peter
Dinklage) the third and youngest son of Lord Tywin (Charles Dance) and
Lady Joanna Lannister. Because of his unusual stature Tyrion has been a
victim of mockery his entire life, with people overlooking his noble
birth in order to tease and taunt him. Tyrion's mother died giving
birth to him and his father and older sister Cersei (Lena Headey) have
despised him all his life as a result. He has always maintained a close
relationship with his elder brother Ser Jaime Lannister (Nikolaj
Coaster-Waldau), Cersei's twin . Across the sea, the last members of
the previous and deposed ruling family, the Targaryens, are also
scheming to regain the throne . As Daenerys (Emilia Clarke) is the only
daughter of Aerys II Targaryen and Rhaella Targaryen , she is now a
princess living in exile, the last of the Targaryens . But Daenerys
grows into a supremely confident warrior women with perhaps the most
stringent code of ethics in all the Seven Kingdoms. All while a very
ancient evil awakens in the farthest north. Amidst the war and
political confusion, a neglected military order of misfits, the Night's
Watch, is all that stands between the realms of men and icy horrors
beyond . There finds Jon Snow (Kit Harington) , the bastard Son of Lord
Ned Stark by an unknown mother , it is here that the skills that were
passed on to him by Ned come to light as Jon becomes a natural born
leader with a strong code of ethics and an effective warrior when
battling at and beyond the Wall. This is a spectacular epic dealing with friction between the houses
Stark, Lannister, Baratheon and Targaryen and with the remaining great
houses Greyjoy, Tully, Arryn,Tyrell and Martell and in which political
and sexual intrigue is pervasive ; all of them lead to full-scale war .
Breathtaking epic version based on George RR Martin novels with
exciting drama and overwhelming combats , his stories are imaginatively
brought to life on groundbreaking images with great production values
and outstanding scenarios . Sword cross , intense drama , nudism ,
sexual scenes , and bloody fights abound in this spellbinding
adaptation . Magnificent climatic battle scenes and struggles including
lots of blood and gore ; and adding colorful computer generator images
including heinous dragons . The series is well written by an excellent
plethora of screenwriters as David Benioff , D.B. Weiss , Vanessa
Taylor under supervision by the great creator George R.R. Martin . This
author was asked if he had a resolution or ending to the seemingly
endless conflict , he replied that the end would be a cloud of dust or
snow being driven by the wind across a vast graveyard full of
tombstones. The series takes its name from the first novel in the book
series \"A Game of Thrones\" - which is actually known as \"A Song of Ice
and Fire\",and most of the show is largely faithful to the books .
George R.R. Martin's story credit acknowledges the entire series under
this title, rather than the title of individual volumes. George R.R.
Martin has stated that the infamous \"Red Wedding\" was the hardest
chapter for him to write in \"A Storm of Swords.\" He was so emotionally
attached to the characters that he actually wrote the rest of the book
first, and then that chapter last .
"
"275" "
Really this is undoubtedly one of the best shows ever made .. take my
word . you wont regret watching it .. even though you feel like killing
the writer of the book at times and stop watching the series because of
some sadistic episode , you just cant stop it , it leaves you wanting
for more...Right now everyone is impatiently waiting for the next season to come
out .. I hope there were more episodes . I finished watching the whole
series within just two weeks ...I really have to say that this show has an amazing cast.. some of the
best actors who really deserve a loud round of applause
"
"276" "
And that says a lot. After watching the first two seasons my opinion
about this show was somewhere between very great and absolutely
amazing. It was totally mesmerizing watch with dozens of memorable
scenes, but I was still puzzled whether Game of Thrones is on the same
level as some of my other favorites like Breaking Bad and The Wire.
After season three, I can only say that Game of Thrones blows every
other series I have ever seen out of the water.After the first season I had to pick up the ASOIAF books and blasted
through them in one summer. Having seen the first season and how well
the book translated to the screen, I was extremely excited yet slightly
nervous to see the rest of the story come alive on Game of Thrones.
Nervous because the first season already was so well made, I was afraid
if the show can keep up with the standard it had set. Not only did it
do that, but it just kept getting better! The casting is perfect, the
acting is amazing and I simply can't praise this series enough. The
story George R.R. Martin wrote keeps you on the edge for every moment
of it, and the changes they made for the Game of Thrones have so far
been only for the better. It definitely deserves all the hype. I'm
feeling awkward writing a review that turns out into a praise, but I
simply can't find anything bad to say about it. If there ever were some
little mistakes I didn't like, the rest of the awesomeness made me
forgot about it as if it never happened. There were few scenes on
season three that alone would've made me give this series 10/10. Only
thing I can complain about is having to wait a year for the next
season. And a year more after that.I don't think TV series could get any better than this. Except maybe
the fourth season.
"
"277" "Add another review"
"278" "
Can I just start by saying the I am a devoted Tolkien fan. I have not
read any of the Game of Thrones(GoT)books, but I am familiar with the
debates abound the extent to which TV series do justice to books.Having just finished watching Episode 9 of the second season, I have to
say that this is a seriously amazing series. I appreciate that Tolkien
is not for everyone but, my God, GoT has something for everyone without
a doubt! Debates around the faithfulness of the series to the books, is a purely
philological discussion with very little value. The series is amazing
anyway!BEST PART: You never know what will happen. No stereotypical story
lines driven by shallow characters. And there is always something
happening which is an incredible feat.You have to watch to believe it.
"
"279" "
Television as a medium rarely rises above mediocre levels of quality,
concerned only with ratings to up its publicity income. Yet, every once
in a while a truly remarkable achievement flashes briefly before the
eyes of those carefully looking. Game of Thrones is such an
achievement. Its carefully chosen location and cast, the seamlessness
of its narrative and character development and its unrestrained but
cautious building of its own fantastical world work so well together
that a viewer could not be blamed for thinking it all came together
magically.Fantasy is a complicated genre. So much of it is clichés and replaying
of old ideas, and yet, when done right, its worlds can successfully
reshape our entire thinking of our own. Game of thrones begins with a
beautiful introduction of its world in its opening credits, which in
these days tends to be reduced in so many shows to the series titles
and the producer and director credits. In the opening, we understand
the layout of the terrain, and immediately perceive the importance of
the divide of the map by \"The Wall\". This introduction is very clever,
as it helps to visualize all the movements of the many character in the
game of thrones.As for the characters, rich in detail and significant and intertwined
story lines, they are one of the biggest treats. You care about them
the moment they come on the screen, and even if most can be identified
as good or bad the moment you see them, the narrative manipulates both
them and viewer enough to carry us constantly into unforeseen narrative
developments.Without spoiling its hard to speak of its themes, but all that is
common in fantastical stories you will find here, from betrayal and
honor, and manipulation and love, but with a more brutal and
uncompromising view than most other shows. Even if dragons play a part,
this is not a child's show. It's themes are that of adults.The winter is coming, and it will be a long wait until the next season.
"
"280" "
I have not seen a complete HBO series before. A colleague convinced me
to try \"Game of Thrones.\" I did watch the first episode and never
looked back. Over the past days, I watched one episode a day until I
completed all 10 episodes of the first season. It was that good. You'd
never want to be kept hanging.The series brings us back to a medieval time with kings and queens,
lords and ladies. It showed things as they probably were back then,
grimy, rough and violent. There was very little of the glitz and glamor
that mark modern royalty nowadays. It shows the political intrigues of
the aristocracy, as well as their advisers, whores and knights behind
them. It is also about family. The central family were the Starks. Eddard was
picked by his good friend King Robert (family Baratheon) to be his Hand
(or executive officer). This threw the Stark family (wife, five kids
and one bastard) into the political fray after after their long quiet
existence in the North. There is also the Lannister family of the Queen
Cersei (a nebulously sinister Lena Headey), constantly waiting for an
opportunity to grab power. And finally, the very blond Targaryen family
who ruled the realm before Robert, now down to their last two members,
the crazy Viserys (Harry Lloyd) and his meek sister Daenerys (Emilia
Clarke).As you can envision, the action in the battles, sword fights, and
jousting scenes were very graphic and bloody. We were not spared the
sight of gushing severed arteries, festering wounds, impaled heads and
animal attacks. This is definitely not for the faint of heart! You can
just look away and the sound effects do just as well to convey the gore
on screen. On the other end of the Rated MA spectrum are the occasional
sex scenes with both female and male members on display. These may be
called gratuitous for TV, but I do gather these are also part of the
books. Nevertheless, the sight of a 10-year old boy breastfeeding from
his mother was still very disturbing, even in these days.For someone who had not yet read the books, the way the story was
written for TV and the directorial execution were very good. The ending
scene of the first episode alone will make you want to be back for
more. Love those endings for most episodes, aside from Episode 1, those
of 7 and 9 will really shock you! There are things that happen that you
would never predict. The fates of the characters were very
unpredictable up to the very last episode. The ending of the last
episode gives the series another dimension, whetting our appetite for
the next season.The writing may be archaic in vocabulary and construction, but yet they
are crisp and witty, especially those that uttered by the dwarf Tyrion
Lannister (Peter Dinklage in his Emmy-nominated role). The set design
of the the throne room, the dungeons that open into cliffs, the war
camps were excellent. The cinematography was sweeping when it needs to
be majestic, and intimate where it was necessary to be claustrophobic.
I did not know most of the actors here, but they will affect you as
they portray their characters were portrayed, be it hero, villain or
double-agent. Aside from Bean, Headey and Dinklage, special mention go
to Michelle Fairley (as Eddard's strong wife Catelyn), Nikolaj Coaster-
Waldau (as the rogue Jamie Lannister) and Jason Momoa (as the imposing
Khal Drogo).This show deserves its Emmy nomination for Best Drama. Definitely, I
will be back to watch the second season. I will also be reading the
novels by George RR Martin that inspired this sweeping epic series.
"
"281" "
it feels like they really lost sight of the plot for season 5. it just
did not have any of the charm, nor many of the incredible sets,
costumes, or atmosphere of the previous four Seasons. the character
development was weak, the stories didn't feel like they went anywhere,
and it just felt like the whole team perhaps is a bit jaded. the
writing has suffered, it is just not the same show that it used to be.
The characters were not developed much further, and the dialogue got
leaden. Not sure where they are intending to go with this, but quite
frankly, not sure I want to know. And I loved the first four seasons. I
barely feel any motivation for season 6 if there's going to be one. I'm
about as excited about that, as the upcoming episode of Star Wars.
"
"282" "
Game of Thrones is the best TV i have ever seen in TV history. the
story is very deep and the character as well. the soundtrack is epic.Game of thrones has drama , action , comedy , tragedy and very
emotional moment that the fans will never can forget.the quality of the
production is very high and the directors know what they should do to
make the series amazing as same as the books. there are many actors that i like them such as John snow , Robert
stark, Oberyn Martel and so on. i highly recommended game of thrones for all people who like drama and
action as this is Epic which can't happen again for the long time. While I watched the first episode I had the same excitement as the time
when I first read the book. HBO has done a great job and they fulfill
all my expectations. Sean Bean was born for the role of Eddard Stark.
Costumes, scenes, actors, everything is done as it should be. Actors
are perfect for the role they play in the series.
"
"283" "
The only thought on my mind once the first season got over was, \"
Damn.. When will April, 2012 come ??\" This show is a totally different
genre in TV series. This is not a romantic comedy of 5 friends, nor is
it a story of detectives.Who could think of a TV Series based on Medieval ages and pull it off
in such style.The Best thing about the series is the cast. There is incredible detail
in each scene, given that it has some big names in the cast.This series sets an example on how to base something on a book. Bold
and powerful, you will not realize that 60 minutes have flown by after
each episode.Once you watch this, go back and watch your favorite TV Series again. I
guarantee, you will realize how amateur they actually are compared to
The Game Of Thrones. By the way, the ending of season 1 for sure will
chill you out.
"
"284" "
Just so you know where I'm coming from, I've never heard of \"Game of
Thrones\"(not the board game, books, etc) until the show was released.
In fact, the only time I heard it even mentioned was when my friends
discussed the previous night's TV shows. Prior to watching the show,
the only thing I knew about it was that it was fantasy. I should also
mention that I hate fantasy books and movies.However, \"Game of Thrones\" totally blew me away. Even for HBO's
standards, this show is just epic. I rate this show an firm 10/10.A little about the show: the show takes place in an alternate world
that is so meticulously set out that one would think that it's real.
Each house's history is so complex, the characters so realistically
dimensional that I'm not sure I was watching a documentary or a
fictional show. This, however, is not a series about fighting and
bloodshed. This show is all politics and relationships between people,
classes, and races.What I like about the show: HBO really outdid itself with \"Game of
Thrones.\" $5 million dollars per episode...and every penny worth its
price. The physical settings could not have been more realistic.
Castles and deserts, city streets and tundra, every backdrop was
absolutely convincing, and this only serves to underline one of the
shows greatest strengths: the depth of the \"Game of Thrones\" universe.
I also must mention the strength of the acting of the whole cast, not
just Peter Dinklage (who was particularly brilliant). I'd even say that
each actor was born to play their GoT character (not really, but you
get my point). Again, I have to commend HBO, this time for selecting an
effective cast. I would not be surprised if several of these actors go
on to become premier TV stars, if not A-List movie actors.So now, after watching one season of this show, I am a total Song of
Fire and Ice junkie and I have gotten my whole family hooked on this
show as well. Do I recommend this TV show? Well, only if you are not
scared of being blinded at the brilliance of this show.
"
"285" "
I stumbled on this show while flipping through the channels one
evening, and was pleasantly surprised to find a fantasy genre show that
isn't completely worthless. In fact, this show is so good I went out
and bought all the books, which are extremely well written themselves.
This show reminded me why I loved Lord of the Rings so much as a kid,
and seeing Sean Bean's familiar face added to that effect as well. Each
character in this series seems exquisitely crafted, not one major
character is dull or flat and keeps you constantly guessing on how
things will turn out at the end of every episode. The production value
of this show is very high, the acting is fantastic, and the plot is
altogether enthralling. I highly recommend it even if you aren't a
fantasy genre fan.
"
"286" "
Well done writers, cast and crew. This is a brilliant adaptation of
what is for me the best fantasy read I have ever had. Whilst some of
the negative reviews have mentioned the vast array of characters and
events in only the first few episodes, I on the other hand am amazed at
just how well the massive amount of characters and descriptions have
managed to be so well filtered or captured for TV. This is a massive
undertaking and as someone who has read the book it is very difficult
to judge just how understandable the plot is thus far if you haven't.
This a tale of the human trait of tribalism, loyalty and betrayal set
in the magical world created by a great author where seven kingdoms lie
in constant fear of the evil that winter may bring and Winter is
Coming. To understand the plot is to move in stealth from one land to
another, one clan to another, one bed to another, weaving a thread that
creates the patchwork of this intricate yet barbarically woven
material. What I can say, is do not worry yourself too much about
understanding who, what and where each character fits in, just watch
it. You will become familiar with them as the story unfolds. That said,
for those who have read the books, the series has had a lot to live up
to and that is its biggest test, passed so far as far as this
reader/watcher is concerned. I'm hooked, again and I'm loving it. The
acting is readily acceptable if not very good and whilst I was anxious
about the selection, I feel so far that every actor chosen has
physically fit the character described in the book very well with the
possible exception of Catelyn Stark played by Michelle Fairley (who
should have been a little better looking) and John Snow played by Kit
Harrington (although I can't quite put my finger on why). The
detestable Tyrion Lannister, my favourite character, played brilliantly
by Peter Drinklage is just perfect and as for Arya Stark (Maisie
Williams), well they stole her right out of my imagination. I am
writing this at episode 5 and may update it again at episode 10.
"
"287" "
I have read Game of Thrones more than once, and I am exceptionally
pleased with the HBO adaptation thus far. I just finished watching
Episode 2. I find the actors to be nearly perfectly suited for the
book's characters. The book is rather slow, with a lot of character
complexity and social intrigue. The television series adapts this very
well by presenting the most poignant moments from the book, the ones
that capture the essence of a character or the mood of a scene. My wife
does not like fantasy, but she is completely captivated by this series.
The story is more true to the many shades of human nature than, say,
\"Lord of the Rings\" or other popular fantasy fare. Therefore it
transcends the limits of its genre and will appeal to fantasy
aficionados and non-geeks alike. It is also dark, raw, and realistic.
Therefore trees don't whistle tunes and good guys don't always end up
on top. As a fan of the books, based on the first two episodes alone, I
believe that HBO has done an outstanding job of adapting George R.R.
Martin's \"Game of Thrones\" to television. I highly recommend watching
this series.
"
"288" "Add another review"
"289" "
What can I say? There is no other show like Game of Thrones. It is
simply the best.Where do I start? Well, I would like to first point out that of all the
TV shows out there, very few of them I watch and even fewer are the
ones that I legitimately love. It is not like the majority of other
shows are bad or terribly made, it is simply the fact that with so many
TV shows out there, patterns become evident, story lines become
uncreative and repetitive and once you've seen enough shows, other ones
become predictable. A handful, such as 24, Psych, Vikings, Black Sails
and of course, Game of Thrones, truly pique my interest. With that said, Game of Thrones is stunning in basically every aspect.
Wonderfully adapted from George R. R. Martin's incredible novels, Game
of Thrones brings to life the world of Westeros (and Essos). I am a
huge fan of the books as well and I can say that the show stays very
faithful to the books. Of course, slight changes are made, but this has
to happen on occasion, and I have rather enjoyed most of the changes. Things I love about the show: The plot line. This is the cornerstone of
Game of Thrones and A Song of Ice and Fire. The plot line is what makes
the show so amazing and intriguing. It is a masterfully written story
about kings and queens, lord and ladies, knights and warriors, children
and adults, love and betrayal, politics and war and good and evil. The
characters take it to a whole other level. The characters are so
diverse yet so realistic. I'm sure each one of us can find one
character we can relate to or at least sympathize with. Characters are
loved while others are hated and furthermore, others remain neutral,
fooling even the most dedicated audience to what they might do next
(looking at you Petyr Baelish). Apart from the books, the show is able
to bring all the visual aspects forward in stunning display. Namely the
filming locations and costume designs. Croatia, Ireland, Morocco and
Iceland provide for most of the scenery and man if it isn't beautiful.
It is authentic and rugged and provides the perfect opportunity for
bringing the World of Ice and Fire to life. The acting is incredible
and performed by an amazing cast. Peter Dinklage, Jack Gleeson, Lena
Headey, Charles Dance, Kit Harington, Sean Bean and Iain Glen are among
the best. Finally, the action scenes are wonderfully done. Realistic
and gritty yet still intense and a joy to watch. Who doesn't like big
battles and epic scenes of single combat fights? Now, if there is one thing that I do not like about the show, it is the
sexual content/nudity. While I admit some of it is necessary, I think
it is a little over the top. I know this is HBO and HBO specifically
caters to adults, but extended brothel scenes with nudity for the sake
of nudity? Not exactly a fan of that. It certainly takes away from the
bigger and more important events going on elsewhere in Westeros. Despite my dislike for the unnecessary nudity, the show as a whole has
my rating of a 9.5! But since that is not an option, I'll have to give
it a 10. I will always love this show and I cannot wait for the upcoming
seasons! Remember, Winter is coming.Favorite characters: Jon Snow, Tyrion Lannister, Ned Stark and Ser
Jorah Mormont (close behind them is Arya, Varys, Jaime and Samwell). Favorite episode(s): Watchers on the Wall and Rains of Castamere. The
Children is another amazing one.Keep up the good work GRRM, David Benioff and D.B. Weiss!
"
"290" "
I gave Game of Thrones a try on the recommendation of several friends,
who'd read the books and were up to date as of Season 4. Presently, I'm
around the middle of Season 3, so I've given it a fair go. My overall
opinion is that whilst it's not the worst show I've ever seen, it'll
never be amongst my favourite programmes.Good aspects include Peter Dinklage as Tyrion Lannister: he's a dwarf
who, despite his physical disadvantages, manages to best most of those
he comes up against via a mixture of guile, humour, bravery and people
skills. Jerome Flynn also has some good lines as his partner in crime.
They're both Billy Connolly -esque in their use of swearing to comedic
effect. I'm still chuckling at some of Peter Dinklage's wryly-delivered
one-liners. The locations and cinematography are also very well done.
Everything from the CGI opening sequence (which flies around a map,
introducing locations that will play a part in the upcoming episode) to
the in-episode CGI is flawless.Bad aspects of the show include the gratuitous fanservice that is
crammed, it seems, into at least every second episode. There seems to
be no end of two-dimensional young female characters who appear in the
buff, frequently for one scene only, purely it would seem to add appeal
for the adolescent male contingent of the audience. I'm not averse to a
little nudity, but when it's as clumsily done as in this production it
detracts from the underlying material considerably and wrenches you out
of the story. There was one scene in which a person being tortured
stopped to have a dalliance, FFS. How much do you need to be able to
bend a narrative to be able to interject that type of scene into that
type of material? Had the people behind Game of Thrones also been
responsible for Lord of the Rings, I imagine there would have been
rather more scenes of Gandalf frolicking with nameless female elves,
and rather less battles with Orcs and slaying of Balrogs.Besides being clumsy, the way-too-frequent and almost exclusively
female nudity also makes this show inappropriate for viewing on public
transport, etc. So, if like me you enjoy catching up on your viewing on
the commute to work, this show may not be for you. At this point in the
story arc, there has been precisely one (highly watchable) battle,
compared with around 10-15 fully-nude sex scenes, mostly involving
characters that never play a part in the plot again. All but one of
those nude characters has been female. If you've ever seen that episode
of Extras with Patrick Stewart as a lecherous version of himself
portrayed as an actor-would-be-writer-and-director that keeps trying to
inject his personal fantasies into the scenes he's writing/directing,
you'll have experienced what a production planning session for GOT must
be like.But I digress. Other than the
so-clumsy-it-borders-on-1970s-arthouse-porn nature of the frequent sex
scenes, the underlying story is so-so. Certain characters (Paul Kaye's
Thoros of Myr, Jermone Flynn's Bron, Peter Dinklage's Tyrion and
Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau's Jaime Lannister) are watchable antiheroes
owing to the ambiguous morality of their characters. Others (every
nameless nude extra, Jack Gleeson's Joffrey Baratheon, and Sean Bean's
Ned Stark) are two-dimensional caricatures that are patronising to the
audience.The story itself takes a fairly obvious arc. Most of the audience will
have worked out how it's all going to end by episode two, even though
they may be surprised by how much intercourse it takes to get there.So, worth a watch just to say that you've seen it and to understand the
memes surrounding it. That being the case, I'll probably give it at
least until the end of Season 4. But, overall, it's not one I'll watch
again afterwards. And that I'll be making use of the fast-forward
button with frequently during those tedious and distracting cheap porn
scenes whilst watching the remainder.
"
"291" "
I cannot, I repeat CANNOT be bothered with elves, hobbits, etc, etc.But here, I found a world of medieval machinations underpinned with
supernatural and mythical background that grips then twists then keeps
you on the drip like the most powerful narcotic.I have never read the books but will pick up the second in the series
for this is exactly the pitch I like my 'fantasy'- rooted in
semi-realism, great characters, carousing plot, plenty of adult
material - and I mean the language, the intrigue, not just the copious
nudity - to get one's teeth into.Notable acting mentions to the tour de force that was Sean Bean and the
comic depth of Peter Dinklage - superb delivery that made every episode
for me.Take it from a 'hobbit-hater' - this is the anti-Tolkien and the way
forward, fantasy without the twee and cheese.A brilliant watch.9/10.-1 for being only 10 episodes long. Cold turkey until next spring :(
"
"292" "
Well i've seen up to s01e02 and already i can see this is going to be
passion filled character driven TV at its best. this is fantasy
designed for adults not kids. the story seems complex and has more
layers than an onion!i'm glad its hbo doing this as they have the money to keep up the
obvious high production values we've seen so far. hopefully they wont
mess it up!the cast seem perfect for the roles they are playing. sean bean and
lena headly have the focus and passion to make this the best TV has to
offer if the writers can pull it off. so much potential. already i'm
feeling strong empathy for certain characters and my imagination is
awash with ideas as to what will happen next.i haven't described the story - read the IMDb description for that.
these are my thoughts after the first couple of episodes.
"
"293" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"294" "
On the whole they have done the book justice. The male characters for
the most part were played well and certainly Eddard was portrayed
accurately. I felt that both Catelyn and Cersei were not portrayed in
enough depth to do the characters in the books justice nor to allow
them to develop as the series goes on.The story line was accurate although it did feel rushed and as if they
were trying to catch everyone who has not read the book up. I did not
feel that we needed to be introduced to Daenerys at this point as her
story only becomes central later in the books. It would have been
better to allow viewers to build connections with the characters from
Westeros first.In light of all the review complaining about the sex or nudity in the
series, I can only guess that they are not readers of the books. The
use of sex and violence as means to gain and keep power are central
themes in the stories and it would be difficult to portray these if
they could not be depicted. It must be remembered that this was created
for an adult audience and therefore will have adult content just as the
book have.All in all I was far more impressed than I thought I would be as I am a
fan on the books.
"
"295" "
I have read most of the reviews and find it staggering to read some of
the negative rubbish posted by people in regards to the offensive and
deborturous scenes in this series. this is set in a time similar to the
dark ages where they didn't have people to sensure every bloody thing
they did and the show portrays this beautifully. read the books, they
are full of bad language, violence and sex and the series is true to
the books. this may come as a shock, but some of us don't like
toned-down, sterile, politicly correct, lets-all-play-nicely harry
potter rubbish we actually like to be taken to a world that is
realistic of the period in time. its a world of under-handedness,
violence, war-mongering and social turbulence and to make it feel
realistic these scenes are required. i mean seriously, do you think
manners and correctness was a requirement in the setting? if bad guys
all spoke nicely and no one got the odd dagger in the eye and the
whores god forbid didn't show the odd bit of tit would the viewer
really find that realistic? instead, what we get is an in-your-face no
holds-barred series that is true to the book. for those of you that
find the sex scenes a \"ratings grab\" i suggest you read the book and
you will find many pages filled with descriptive sex scenes. HBO is
simply being true to the books. for those of you who have a problem
with the violence, ITS SET IN A BLOODY TIME OF WAR! what do you think
is going to happen if you joust against a sadistic 7ft tall giant? your
going to get a lance in the neck is what! to sensure it would be to
kill it by taking away the realism. to those of you that find all this
too confronting i say take a step out of your sterile plastic bubble
full of pixies and and cute little bunnies and other assorted
non-confronting, politically correct cuddley things and change the
frigging channel!!
"
"296" "
I know about the books but i never read the story.It is nice to see that a series looks so great. I did not want to spoil
myself with reading the story since i bought the book but kept away
from it.The cast is awesome, the settings are great, the plot is very mature
and well done. Only thing i am afraid is that material is gonna be
compressed because of time constraints, but perhaps i will be wrong.I hope much more success than actual viewer ship right now but i am
sure this series will achieve a cult status down the road with more
fans discovering this each day when the series is done when it is done!
cheers it was worth the wait!
"
"297" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"298" "
After watching the first episodes I could ramble on about how visually
stimulating it all is, how the script is brilliantly interlaced to
suite scene composition and the mood, how the sounds and scores
multiply the intensity of the setting. I could also ramble on about how
great the cast is, how every character looks as if they were born to
play this one role, or how from the opening credits you are immediately
aware that you are going to be taken deep into this world that you know
nothing about and that it will be one heck of a journey.But I won't ramble on about any of that, because in the end, once its
all said and done, you will only remember how that movie, that show,
that book made you feel. All of the above enthralls you and literally
drags you into King's Landing, into Winterfell or (God forbid) into the
icy realms of the North.Every character is interlaced with something else, whether this be
another character, another place, another being. When something impacts
one you immediately feel for them because you understand exactly where
they are situated in the grander scheme of things. This systematic
entanglement of characters will serve as the backdrop for the script
throughout the series. As we hear the knife slit the throat of Lady we
see the young Stark awake, you know that something has changed, you
know that with every passing breath the young Stark will never be the
same.If you want pure fantasy this isn't for you, supernatural elements make
appearances throughout the show but they aren't fundamental, they
merely serve as a detached entity, something outside the bounds of the
world of man, something to understand but not to approach, much like
the Great Wall leading to the north.If you want to watch a show which places importance on character
interaction and plot composition, then this is for you. The medieval
backdrop only amplifies what is sure to become a great television
spectacle.Game of Thrones, deserved of the throne, but can it keep it?
"
"299" "
After watching the first episode i was so impressed and impatient that
i decided to read the book immediately to see what happens next. Then i
thought that i should wait at least for a couple more weeks to see how
the adaption goes before i write the review - i found no need because,
hence small changes for the sake of the show, it is excellent.This show is amazing. The plot is very, very good and complex and has
so many different layers that only it should keep people wanting to see
what comes in the future. I won't even start with the characters: they
are brilliant and so different that everyone should find someone to
root for. And thanks to this being TV-series, we can have true and
believable character development, something that many fantasy films
lack these days. Constant plot twists and sudden deaths are
heartbreaking to say the least, but after every shock the show just
manages to keep the grip on the viewers even tighter.The cinematography. Nothing to say except praise. The medieval-like era
and wintery aura give the story a grim and dark background, which
suits, again, very well. The special effects are splendid, just take a
look at the Wall or the large cities, or the dragons and white walkers
in the later seasons.The acting is very good as well. The cast itself is splendid, with most
of it coming from the British theater scene. Sean Bean captures Eddard
Stark impressively and Peter Dinklage as Tyrion or newcomer Kit
Harington as Jon Snow are just a few examples.After the fifth season the show will undoubtedly take a new path and
will still have us waiting eagerly for the next episode. As for the
show, just sit back, enjoy, and let yourself be taken over by this
magnificent world.
"
"300" "
I'm not a huge fantasy fan, but I am a bit of a sucker for anything
Brit-flavored and anything period, even if I can't always choke them
down in the end. With historical productions, disappointment often
comes with too many liberties taken with the facts. Literary
adaptations suffer the same problem for those who have read the books. I hadn't read the Martin books when I gave this series a try, so I had
no expectations. However I was wary because Starz's Pillars of the
Earth, which I also had no expectations for, turned out to be such an
overwrought bag of cheese, full of bad writing and direction and what
must have been a closeout purchase of chicken-bladder neck-blood-
spurters. Then Camelot (also Starz) lost me in the first 20 minutes,
and after that I had no stomach to even check out The Borgias after
seeing what Showtime did with The Tudors. But with Sean Bean and Peter
Dinklage, I thought Game of Thrones was worth a try, and it has been.The production values are fantastic, and the acting and writing are
very good, with only occasional forays into excess. The violence and
gore are kept in context, although the sex and nudity are a little
heavy-handed at times, probably as a safeguard in case the plot lines
turned out to be too complex for some viewers. I found the story
compelling enough to download \"A Song of Ice and Fire\" to my e-reader
after watching a couple of episodes. It's not a perfect creation, but it's very well done and as others have
said, each episode makes you anxious for the next, and without the need
for cliffhangers and sensational devices, just a desire to keep going.
Bean and Dinklage are indeed both great as Ned Stark and Tyrion
Lannister, and Mark Addy unfolds as an impressive and flawed King
Robert. Having liked Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau in the short-lived New
Amsterdam, it's good to see him back at work as the arrogant Jaime
Lannister. Michelle Fairley is a formidable Catelyn, and Maisie
Williams as young Arya Stark clearly has a great career ahead of her.
In fact, most of the acting is solid-to-excellent. Sometimes the story
line with the Targaryens and Dothrakis seems a little too over the top
to match up with the very naturalistic feel of the rest of the series,
but it's still interesting, and I look forward to seeing how it
intersects with the rest of the tale. Although it's not vital to the story, the opening sequence is
beautifully done and worthy of mention. HBO generally doesn't half-*** their projects, and they certainly
didn't skimp on this one. Worth a watch.
"
"301" "Add another review"
"302" "
Love this show, love this show, love this show! Action, betrayal,
strong women, handsome men, realistic costuming, great casting, great
story . . . The only thing wrong with this show is the pacing. My
husband and I DVR what we want to watch so we can watch at our schedule
and half way into the second episode my head is still spinning from the
information-overload. I'm beginning to make the connections in and
between the families and it is beginning to come together. I know that
\"Game of Thrones\" is book-based - hopefully, they will not stop at the
end of this first book of A Song of Fire and Ice series. I have not
read these books, but plan to now!
"
"303" "
I will first present to you my circumstances so that you can judge
whether this review may accurately reflect your own opinion. After all,
we read reviews so that we know whether to watch/read or not. So here
goes; 23, read the books, enjoy fantasy, but hate it when fantasy
fiction is turned into fairytale. Movies about the uglier side of
humanity should be ugly. I also like sushi.Now - the series.It's ugly. And perfect. It is so wonderfully realistic, I'd say, that
one's understanding of medieval life is altered forever.While not breath-taking, the visuals are satisfying. Fantasy essentials
such as the stone architecture and feudal attire are presented
superbly. Action-scenes are kept short and precise and none of the gory
details are left out. The prettier aspects of the film - some of which
having read the book, I naively envisaged more gloriously - are done to
perfection, even to the corny physical depiction of Jaime, whom in my
opinion resembles Prince Charming from Shrek.The principles of the series are also done very well. Barbarism and
lust are portrayed very effectively. The nudity is not eye-candy, and
much like the gore, it has you cringing at its vulgarity. Loyalty and
friendship dominate the emotional landscape, as do their evil twins,
betrayal and hatred. Most significantly however, the theme of family is
put into the limelight and tested. All in all, feudal relationships and
values are explored by the Game of Thrones to a level of quality only
matched by the novels.A quick word on the plot. Having seen only the inaugural episode, I
cannot accurately gauge its whole quality, but having read the book, I
can safely attest that if the series continues to present the story as
faithfully as it has so far, it will leave the viewer breathless and
deeply furious at the weekly nature of delivery of television viewing.Perhaps the only thing not meeting the sublime standard of the whole,
is the score. The music is dull, quite frankly. Perhaps in this aspect,
the overly realistic nature of the series is damaging. I mean, sure,
the barbaric Horselords are synonymous with tribal drum beats, but a
guitar riff to emphasize their bad-assness could not have gone wrong,
in my opinion.In summary however, this series has made the perfect start. With some
luck, and under the careful guidance of George RR Martin, it will
hopefully continue on its epic journey in the same manner it has so
far, awesomely.
"
"304" "
How is this show not number one. I mean I'm a massive fan of Breaking
Bad. But Game of Thrones is on a completely different level to any
other show out there. Including Breaking Bad. It has proper developing
and unfolding story lines that are planned out from the beginning. It's
unbelievably gritty and the character development is astonishing. The
characters are real and you feel real emotion when something happens to
one of them. Game of Thrones treads where no other show ever has, it's
full of twists and it lulls you into a false sense of security before
stabbing you in the back. You really have no idea what will happen, and
it's the unpredictability combined with the shear boldness that makes
this show so much better that any other. Where other shows have main
characters that you know won't die because that would be the end of the
show, Game of Thrones doesn't have any one main character. So they
could do anything.
"
"305" "
Or Emmy, or whatever the star of an HBO series might be nominated for.This guy has always had the talent, but here he gets a chance to
showcase it. Nobody, and I mean nobody, could play Tyrion that well.
That's a critical role to this series too. Well done Peter. Keep up the
great work.Casting and performances are really good across the board. Some of this
probably makes no sense to people who haven't read the books, but to
them I say \"GO READ THE BOOKS!!!\". Best series of books ever written,
and this series is VERY good so far.I'll be purchasing the box set when it comes out. I hope they keep it
going throughout the series. I might have to go read the entire series
again after I get my hands on A Dance With Dragons.Don't miss this one folks, and read the books.
"
"306" "
Where do I even begin? Game of Thrones is simply brilliant.There is only one other television series which has managed to get me
so emotionally involved, but I will not name it, for doing so would
draw the focus away from this masterpiece. Game of Thrones sends you to bed at night fearing for the life of your
favourite character; you just don't know if next week's episode will be
their last.The writing is superb. I cannot stress enough how clever the writers
are. It is a rare thing for someone like me to sit back and smile at so
many of the bold, powerful and often double-edged one-liners the
characters have. Here are a few examples:\"When you play the Game of Thrones, you win or you die.\"\"If you thought this has a happy ending, you haven't been paying
attention.\"\"A day will come when you think yourself safe and happy, and suddenly
your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth, and you'll know the debt is
paid.\"\"DRACARYS!\"I get so excited just reciting some of those quotes in my head! Do you
see what this series does to you?! Those one-liners are SO POWERFUL -
and the best part is that they're all-throughout the series! Those
lines alone are capable of exciting me beyond belief for the next
season.The characters are also phenomenal. Take Varys and Littlefinger for
example: two unbelievably complicated, sharp, and quick-witted
characters which when put together make for some truly marvellous
dialogue. Dialogue? YES! Dialogue! They make otherwise trivial
conversation oh-so-interesting because their words always carry many
meanings. Or perhaps Cersei and Joffrey: how is it even possible for
one to loathe them both so much yet love them at the same time? I don't
know, but I love/hate them so much!The setting deserves a review on its own! Breathtaking! You truly do
feel immersed in Westeros when you watch Game of Thrones. Oh and can we just take a minute to worship George R.R. Martin? Thanks.
I'm petrified of what that evil man will do in season five but at the
same time I can't wait. Oh, and another reason this show is brilliant: dragons. And Daenerys.
Oh I could go on for days about Daenerys...HODOR!This show has everything you could possibly hope for: there is never a
dip in quality - the show achieves a high-quality consistency
throughout; the characters and cast are absolutely incredible; the plot
is ever-so-complicated and ingenious with many different layers and
sub-plots; the setting and cinematography are utterly fantastic; the
show never loses pace or interest; and you are emotionally ENGAGED.In a nutshell, if you haven't seen Game of Thrones, then you need to.
But be warned: your emotions will be toyed with, your heart torn in
two, and on the day that you are finally happy, \"your joy will turn to
ashes in your mouth.\" Oh, also, if you dislike nudity, gore, being upset, not-so-happy
endings, or quality television and you'd rather watch people cook
meth...look elsewhere.WINTER IS COMING!
"
"307" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"308" "
Summing up... Plenty of female body parts rivaling French soft porn but
WITHOUT the French's artfulness or equal showing of male organs. Plenty
of blood and exposed putrid rotting flesh and corpses without meaning
or humor or joy. End result: a feudal-era porn and modern-day snuff
offering, by the jaded, for the jaded.Sure. This show has emotional intensity and well-paced plot. Overall
top notch, coherent screen writing, directing, art direction, and
editing. Superb, world class, diverse, highly talented cast.
Regardless, there are still characters to root for, John Snow, Arya
among others. With all these top ingredients in place, Game of Thrones
could have easily been enthroned a 21st century classic in decades to
come. But it's already rotting from inside out.Intelligent viewers know there are so many ways to show the act of
killing, copulation, psychological evil and human depravity. They also
know when they are being manipulated a d assaulted by the story-teller.Why stoop so low, dear writers and producers? Truth is the Game of Thrones writing team could've been more confident,
more selective and artful. They should realize by the 6th episode they
don't have to stoop to the level of the lowest common denominator to
get attention. Yet they continue to choose the easiest and shortest
path: aggressive, sadistic, full-frontal, in-your-face gratuitous
vomit-inducing scenes of rotting flesh, endless explicit images of
female debasement and equally vicious performance of male castration.
Game of Thrones has become primary about how far to push the envelope
of tastelessness, \"creativity\" in sadistic ideas and imagery, flaunting
of the ugliest human depravity, while great story-telling has become
secondary. Oh and I say this as an non-religious sort and fan of Dexter and
Breaking Bad with their ample blood and gore and explicit sex violence
and psychological darkness. Key female characters had to strip to be on the show, in compromising
and demeaning positions, so why stop there? Why not go all the way? Why
are male organs spared? Why are some females in the show spared the
fate of unceremonious nudity, others had to go on all fours and banged
like mere beasts? The writers acted like they spare no-one in this story universe,
enjoyed having the power to rip off clothes from all the actresses they
cast because they can, because majority of male audience would
supposedly cheer them on. But the celebratory and bloody multiple
stabbing of a pregnant defenseless woman through her late term fetus in
the womb in explicit detail is our idea of fun and entertainment? Men
enjoy it? Really? If the writer directors had fun writing, constructing and witnessing
that scene, the devil has gotten to them. The devil grinned at the
audience many times during the Red Wedding, through the creators who
have long crossed the line of decency.By design these *UNNECESSARY* EXHIBITION of sadistic inhumanity and
psychological filth will attract a certain kind of audience - the
blood-thirsty, filth-lusting, repressed sadist sorts. They will deify
this show, for their beastly lusts are being reflected right on prime
time TV. We will never know if GOT is popular because it is a piece of
great timeless art because, GOT Writer-directors have sold out long
ago. Shame. This show could have been a 21st century cultural legend,
outdoing Lord of the Rings and everything in the genre. Could have
been.15 Apr 2014 UPDATE Just watched the latest... Dialogs becoming more current-day urban Londoner street slang and
unnatural for GOT world. More naked female bodies on cheap display,
while male vital body parts remain cowardly hidden. 3X jump in females
being debased and slaughtered, and scenes starring young girl corpses.
That's GOT writer's idea of boundary-pushing.Everyday misogynists and child snuff consumers shall rejoice. Minus 2 more stars. Hey the cowardly GOT creators - might as well go
for male organ full-frontal, pedophilia and full-on incest orgies. Come
on, don't be such cowards. What you guys are doing is not real
boundary-pushing, but merely going way back to the most regressive and
cannibalistic era of feudal Rome.Borrowing from fantasized TV story Rome or the real Romans is not very
creative is it? GOT is supposed to be a fantasy, not a humorless
documentary featuring *historical studies in female subjugation & male
sadism*?Lame...and progressively lamer...
"
"309" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"310" "
After several years (during which Game of Thrones was only available on
pay-TV) and lots and lots of hype, I was visiting my local hi-fi
retailer and saw a stand with Game of Thrones being offered at three
seasons for the price of two so I figured, \"I've heard all the
wonderful comments. It's time I saw this thing!\" and bought seasons 1
to 3. Wow! This is how a story SHOULD be told! In real life, we have Bill
Clinton and Monica and Donald Trump and all his women and people throw
their arms up in horror at their antics (and then go off to their local
strip club or brothel and do the same stuff). Everyone knows that it
goes on and has gone on since David seduced Bathsheba (and before that
even) but no one has ever told it like it is - until now!Nothing is hidden in Game. We see it all just as it was and I, for one,
welcome that. Some might say that nothing is left to the imagination
but I don't want to have to work my imagination when I'm relaxing and
being entertained. If I wanted to work my imagination, I'd submit a
couple of episodes! I'm not sure how many seasons Game of Thrones is intended to go on for
but history never ends so why not just keep writing it (like Coronation
Street)? As long as the viewers want to watch it, it will keep selling
and, in the end, that's what movie-making is all about. The beheadings and battles, the sex scenes and duplicity are all laid
out in lurid detail and I LOVE it! One question though: What's with all the futuristic mechanical gadgetry
during the opening sequence? It seems to place the whole story into a
totally different time frame and I must say that I find that really
offputting (to the point where I fast-forward through it).
"
"311" "
I am usually not the type of person that watches TV-series. Of all the
TV-series, I only liked Breaking Bad and of course Game of Thrones!
Game of thrones is without comparison the best of those two.To begin with I thought it was another over-hyped show, until i read
some of the reviews and the user ratings on IMDb, then I gave it a
chance. By the end of the first episode, i was already hooked. There is
so much going on at the same time and you will never bored watching
this masterpiece of a TV show. The characters are all amazing. One of the best part is (like breaking bad) you can't really figure out
what is going to happen. If you want to watch a TV show that contains
it all; love, war, greed, treachery, violence, suspense and much more,
then you have come to the perfect place. You will find many characters
that you will either hate or love, and George R.R. Martin is not afraid
of killing one or two of your favorite characters. After all, Valar
morghulis (all men must die)
"
"312" "
After reading some of the reviews here, I was very amused, mostly about
the strong contrast in positive and negative opinions. First of all,
just to clarify, I agree with the majority. I love the show, and it's
great. As good and as mindblowing awesome as Breaking Bad? No, probably
not. That is just not possible. Therefore I gave it only a 9, and it's
anyway a bad idea to compare shows with each other. When you review GoT, or read reviews, or watch it, or plan to watch it,
there is one thing you have to keep in mind. Have you read the books? People are complaining about the plot, the enormous amount of
characters, the constant dying of those characters, and the slow pace.
Well, considering that this show is based on literature of epic
dimensions, the show is doing a great job adapting to it. If you haven't read the book, the amount of characters and the
storyline, might be confusing to you. Although the story has been
already simplified. The slow pace is just a huge build-up, for the last
books to come, what I expect to be one hell of a showdown. If you don't like nudity and violence, don't watch the show and don't
read the books. If you think it's to much to see an actor brother and
sister pretending to have sex, well, don't watch the show. My advice to anyone out there is to read the books. I did, and the show
for me is now a tightly packed summary of them. Does it bother me? No,
because I know how difficult and complicated it must be, to produce
this show. So when forming your own opinion about GoT, keep one thing in mind. The
books. Have you read them, or not?
"
"313" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"314" "
Of all the characters, there are always some favorites. For me, I liked
that, because I think an intelligent, nuanced and capable of surprising
the reader character, Tyrion Lannister is, as I suppose it has happened
to most. Though I will say that Arya Stark and Jon Snow (whose
character reminded me of Ender, from Ender's Game) are also to my
liking. Also there are hateful and evil, but without them there would
be a good story. Among the negative things I've found, I note that, despite the maps, I
struggled to follow the routes of the characters at times. I was also
like that it was not necessary to describe the costumes of all the
characters every time they appeared. Whichever is the main protagonist
of the chapter, some descriptions were more.
"
"315" "Add another review"
"316" "
What a tremendous show this is ? I would give a 10/10 to this show and
the best one I have seen. HBO produces shows that last in memories for
a long time. My favorite character is Daenerys Stormborn. She came out
of no where and just gave an inspirational journey to remember. Its
been just 4 seasons and I simply can't wait for the 5th. The show
follows the book in a great way although there are some changes but its
alright as books and shows cannot be completely same. I love this show
and would urge HBO to produce epic fantasy shows like \"GAME OF
THRONES\". If shows like GAME OF THRONES, BREAKING BAD , DEXTER and
PRISON BREAK continue though they are the masterpieces of different
channels people would have nothing to do in the world except blow their
minds of with such tremendous performances of the actors, the direction
of the directors and definitely the writers . George R R Martin is a
class.
"
"317" "
This is truly one of the best, if not the best, TV-shows I have ever
seen. It mixes great drama with powerful action. The actors are all
very well casted and their performances are topnotch! The storyline is
very fresh from other TV series, of course we all know that George R.R.
Martin kills a lot of main characters but that is what makes the series
different, there are still lots of unexpected plot twists and great
dialogues in this series. The only thing what keeps me from rating this
series a 10 is the fact that they change directors every few episodes,
all directors are great but they film in a different way therefor
making each episode with a different director slightly \"different\" than
the others.But this is still one of the best series ever made and I will encourage
everyone to see it!
"
"318" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"319" "
\"Game of Thrones\" is basically about four families involved in battles
for the throne of the kingdom of Westros. They are: the Starks, a
northern family, honorable and good; the Lannisters, cunning and
ruthless (Tyrion being the exception, a good and clever man); the
Baratheons, now practically extinct with the end of season five, and
the sole survivor of the Targareons, Daenerys.This last one is the daughter of the one known as the Mad King. He was
overthrown by a coalition of the above three families. She is currently
building an army to retake the Iron Throne and in addition has three
dragons to aid her.There are various plots and subplots that keep the viewer guessing and
often unexpected twists and turns. So far after the five seasons I have
seen, this has kept the series interesting.The acting is very good, and I do not recall one bad performance. Peter
Dinklage is especially excellent as Tyrion Lannister, making Tyrion the
best character in the series. From season one, he immediately makes the
character connect with the audience.For a TV series, the special effects are well done and the computer
generated images are mostly good. Add to that the great scenery, and an
atmosphere is created that helps move the story along.That was the good, now for the bad. There is excessive violence and
cruelty. Considering that GOT is emulating a violent period in history,
one can accept the violence, but the cruelty no! Children being
crucified and burned alive adds nothing to the story. Especially the
scene where Stannis Baratheon has his little daughter burned alive
while she pleads to him and her mother, this scene was extremely
disturbing! It just ruined the fifth season, and what did it really
add? It only made me want to abandon the series!Then, there is the writers' tendency to kill off or maim the heroes.
Yes, I know that in real life heroes die and get maimed, but this goes
to excess! Also, one does not watch and read fiction for reality. For
that, one turns to the news!With these criticisms considered, I wonder if GOT will end on a dark
note, with evil triumphant. If it does, it will surely make the entire
series meaningless.I am rating \"Game of Thrones\" a seven, if not for the above flaws I
would have given it a ten.
"
"320" "
Game of thrones is certainly not a show for the light-hearted. As most
know, this show is based on a series of books and this review is for
those who haven't read them. What make this show the third highest
rated TV show of all time on IMDb are numerous reasons: the plot for
instance, is heavy on mystery, interconnections between various
characters and massively impactful character development. Despite being
something like a medieval fantasy, this show has characters going
through conflicts that can be seen in the real world, in this era- the
stigma faced by people with physical disabilities, being painted
falsely because your opinions don't match with those of the popular,
learning that trust is a very fragile thing...and the like. It is very
hard to write a review without spoilers for a show with such an
extensive and engaging plot. It does contain scenes of heavy violence
and nudity (albeit as the seasons progress, the nudity decreases and
violence increases) but unlike the misconception of many- \"Oh, that
show is only watched so much for its obscene scenes\"- the show is so,
so much more. With excellent cinematography, characters who will
morally affect your own thinking, unforgettable lines and themes- Game
of Thrones is a treat for those who are smart and mature enough to get
exactly what the show tries to convey. It may not appeal to some,
however, mainly because its story is vast and contains numerous
characters- it will be hard to follow, but totally worth it if your
mind's sharp enough!
"
"321" "
Having watched all six seasons I would still rate this as a 10 and yet
for everyone that has said to me it's not my kind of thing, have been
sold by the end of episode 1 of season 1. It is monumental in
production with such stunning locations. The cast are superb, with the
casting of Sean Bean it instantly grabbed everyone. With the beauty of
Emilia Clarke we are all in love with Daenarys. Yet others inspire us
with great passion of like or loathe. If you are in any doubt look at the average rating of 9.5 from over a
million people, then look up your favourite TV programmes of all time
and you will find this rates as one of the best out there.Go out and watch the first episode...
"
"322" "
I liked Season 1 of \"Game of Thrones;\" I really did. I don't yet love
the show in the same way that so many other people do, however, and I'd
honestly rate this 10-episode season an 8 out of 10. If that sounds
like faint praise for a show that seems universally loved, I concede
that my criticisms really reflect my own personal tastes, not to
mention my admittedly narrow attention span.It's an undeniably well made show, in terms of everything from acting
to set design. Its densely plotted story (with so many characters!)
suggests to me that it is probably true to George R. R. Martin's books,
which I have not read. The show seems like an authentic adaptation that
respects the viewer's intelligence and consequently demands a lot of
him or her.There is a lot to admire, such as the show's attention to a myriad of
details in order to meticulously render Martin's fantasy universe.
Peter Dinklage is consistently wonderful to watch as Tyrion Lannister.
Aidan Gillen and Conleth Hill are both downright Shakespearian as
Littlefinger and Varys, the two duplicitous members of the Court at
King's Landing. Lena Headey (Cersei Lannister), Charles Dance (Tywin
Lannister) and Iain Glen (Jorah Mormont) are also all favorites of
mine. (Glen is none other than the \"Resident Evil\" films' original
Wesker! And he has such a damn cool voice.)The script, direction and production values all usually seem quite
good. The show even has moments of brilliance -- the first episode's
opening teaser, in which we witness an attack on the border wall by the
icy \"White Walker\" monsters, was scarier than a hell of a lot of horror
movies I've seen.Which brings us to my frustrations, and, yes, they are mostly
subjective. I actually did bring certain appetites as an audience
member that weren't met. I craved more action, and greater emotional
payoff for the dialogue-heavy story arcs that built tension throughout
the first season. (Caveat: I am a fan of both horror movies and war
films, and I suspect I'm not exactly the target audience for what is
essentially a political thriller in a fantasy context.)The inaugural episode's White Walkers were what I was dying to see the
most. And I do think they should have been featured more prominently,
from a storytelling perspective. Otherwise they shouldn't have served
as the teaser-opener for the entire season. Nor should they have been
the plot driver for the story lines connected with the Wall and The
Night's Watch.We also see extensive preparations for war, and military maneuvering --
we even have important scenes taking place at troop encampments. But
there is absolutely no climax for these steadily building plot
developments. I know I sound like a 13 year old, and maybe I am just
not sophisticated enough to enjoy the show on its current levels, but I
wanted see a battle. From a storytelling perspective, I suggest it's a
bad creative decision to end the season without allowing us to truly
witness a major land engagement. I do realize that we indeed see one
house's brutal invasion of another's castle, and that it's well done.
But it was too brief. Again, while \"Game of Thrones\" has all the
trappings of a period war series, this is a political thriller in a
fantasy context.As for the Machiavellian politics, I am embarrassed to admit that I got
lost early on. Yes, I'm fully aware that others are able to follow
these plot threads quite easily. (My college chums can.) I'd just
advise another viewer of average intelligence that their enjoyment
might be affected by an unusually detailed story that requires their
strict attention.Finally, I do feel that there is a dearth of likable and identifiable
characters. Nearly every major player is motivated by an ignoble goal
(power). Many betray one another; that's the show's favorite plot
point. Sean Bean's Eddard Stark is only a putative hero, to me. Yes,
he's fighting for the rightful heir to the throne, but he's still
serving a monarchy; he's not sticking up for the common man or
anything. (We see loyalty among various characters to various noblemen,
but nobody seems to care about the peasants.) Furthermore, Stark's
actions toward a scared subordinate in the first episode made me
unsympathetic to him. (I don't care who has vowed to do what -- his
action in the series premier was unwarranted.)Jon Snow is well scripted as a \"good\" character, but the actor
portraying him needs to work on his range. Kit Harrington is decent in
the role, but he too often looks like a sad, spurned poet. (Hey, it's
okay, Snowman, I've been there myself.)Daenerys Targaryen appears to be a \"good\" character, and I do like her.
She's thinly rendered, though, despite what seems like an inordinate
amount of screen time devoted to her major subplot. (And this subplot,
with its legions of bare-chested barbarians, seems like a slowly paced
cousin of the 1990's \"Xena: Warrior Princess.\") Daenerys seems like an
obvious power-fantasy for victimized women. (Yeah, I know there's
nothing wrong with that. And, yeah, I know that people say something
similar about my beloved comic book movies.)With all of these criticisms, it may sound as though I didn't enjoy
\"Game of Thrones.\" To the contrary, I did. If you like fantasy and are
looking for something well made and different, I'd recommend you try
this. I think maybe I'm just trying to justify my more modest
enthusiasm for one of contemporary pop culture's sacred cows.
"
"323" "
Very intriguing and the most binge worthy show ever. My favourite show
ever as the world is so vast and brilliant. From characters like
Joffrey and Littlefinger and even minor characters like yoren and bronn
have their own background and story you can invest in. I strongly
recommend this show to anyone who has never seen it and have to say
that even Breaking Bad is trumped by this show. Not only is there
interesting characters and even more interesting story lines there is
also Dragons and White Walkers. My personal favourite characters are
the villains such as both the boltons and Karl Tanner and of course
Joffrey but my favourite character is arguably the hero of the show,Jon
Snow.I very strongly recommend anyone to try this show. As I watched
the first 4 seasons in just a week.
"
"324" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"325" "
I can honestly not fault the Game of Thrones. It took me along time to
give in to all the people telling me to watch it, as i thought I would
hate a show that focused around the years of Kings and Queens and
dragons. I have never been interested in a show that is situated in a
completely different time to our own. But i was SO wrong in thinking
that I would hate it, in fact i'd go as far as to say I love this show.
It is honestly brilliant. While I have not read the books, I have read
many reviews and apparently the show is very very similar to the books.
Which proves it is true to the story and obviously a great adaptation
of George Martins brilliant books ( he seriously needs to hurry up and
finish the books). The only negative comment I have of this story is
the fact that Rob Stark and his wife and baby died.... Rob was my
favourite character and I hate how easily he was killed off. But
honestly while I hate they did this, I like how it depicts this time,
and how no one is safe... because in most shows our favourite
characters usually survive, but in Game of Thrones that is just not
true. It doesn't matter who the character is, in fact Im sure all the
main characters will die. And while its sad, it makes you forget you
are watching a TV show, and you easily lose yourself in the story. Without a doubt in my mind, I would highly recommend this show! It is
completely brilliant and a nice change from so many shows we watch
today. It has changed my preferences of TV shows and movies so much,
that now I am searching for shows that are a little similar to it.
Right now I'm watching the show Reign, and i can't wait to introduce
myself to a whole new genre of books, movies and TV shows. It really
does change your opinion on what you think you like, all the while
making you feel about 100000 emotions while you're watching it.If you have any doubts, don't. You will not be disappointed in watching
this show :) I give it about 10000 thumbs up. Happy reading/watching.
"
"326" "
This series got it all, every episode you don't know what's going to
happen. The acting is great the Visuals are outstanding and more. You
hate ore you love a char. somethimes you hate one at first and then it
turns that's a great experience. You never get borred because thare a
lot of plots and a lot of char. and every year you got a new char. The
fights and the sneaky plots i love the most but every one can see that
it's much more than only that. I hope they can keep me surprise every
time with something that happens wat you don't expect. I hope they can
keep it up. I read the books and it's really interesting to see wat the
differends are with the books and the TV series. There are a few things
differend but it doesn't bother my (normely it does). If you are
twisting and turning to watch this show i you don't know yet i just say
watch a few episodes and you will be hooked on this one. That's why i
think this TV series is one of the best maby the best TV series ever
!!! Can't wait for more of these TV series.
"
"327" "
The production scale,the sets, everything is so huge for a TV show and
is becoming comparable to any multi million dollar Hollywood movie. At
first I thought of would be an ordinary fantasy series with some adult
scenes forcefully pushed into it. But later on I started liking the
plot twists ,the unexpected killings, the war scenes etc. The series is
addictive and this is why it has gone on to become the most watched TV
series in the world. The series is not for the faint hearted though as
it contain many violent and torturing scenes.But overall it is more
than fun to watch and keeps you guessing what is going to happen in
upcoming episodes
"
"328" "Add another review"
"329" "
(Updated after Season 6)Set in a fantasy land (though, in many ways, very similar to Earth in
the Middle ages) the stories of several families and individuals and
their quest for power. In particular, they all want the Iron Throne...Great, epic fantasy drama, based on the books by George RR Martin.
Though focusing on several individuals, it contains clever interlocking
story lines, weaving family feuds, power trips and pure greed and
malice. Superb cinematography, settings and scenery. Performances are spot- on
too.On the negative side, there are possibly too many stories being told
simultaneously. Too many characters in the story I don't care about.
This is particularly so in Seasons 3 and 4.Characters, often heroes and seemingly there for the long haul, get
killed off in the blink of an eye, and out of the blue. This is good
and bad. Good in that it shows that, as in life, there are no
certainties and \"heroes\" / very likable characters with depth aren't
necessarily immortal (this is definitely not Disney!). On the other
hand, it leaves you feeling distant and unengaged. It's difficult to
support a character when they could be killed off at any moment.Also, too many plot twists and gruesome killings, just for shock value.
Not that I have an issue with watching killings, they just seem
gratuitous and over-indulgent at times. While the plot is good and the
characters have depth, it isn't all substance - style plays its part
and sometimes the dial is too much over to the style side.This all said, it does start to come together from Season 5 onwards.
Seasons 1 and 2 were good, and set up the story for some great
development in Season 3. Unfortunately, Seasons 3 and 4 drifted
somewhat. Season 5 gets us back on track and Season 6 propels the story
forward in a big way. Season 6 would the best of the lot.
"
"330" "
I've watched countless shows over the years, but Game of Thrones is the
show that impacted me the most. It's an obsession and in my opinion it
is literally the best show ever made! From the characters to the plot,
from the huge world to every little backstory, everything is just so
amazing. Its hard to describe in words. Game of thrones isn't afraid to
challenge its viewers to hang on while it twists and turns like an
angry beast, you will be challenged, but if you are able to endure, you
will be in for one heck of a ride. The world of Westeros has consumed
me, I think about Game of Thrones even when I'm busy doing other
things, this is the first time a TV show or movie has done this to me.
Watch this show, if you are a fan of fantasy, i guarantee you, you will
not be disappointed!
"
"331" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"332" "
I've not read the books.Someone at work got me on to this when Season 3 was on. I caught up
from the very beginning and watched the last episode of Season 3 the
night it was aired.Totally hooked on the show and eager to watch each episode as it was
aired.2015 held high hopes and I already knew after watching episode 1 and
Throne Cast on Sky that the writers hadn't written ahead for the TV
series so stories were changing. The 2015 season did have some great
story lines, but it didn't capture you like the previous seasons. No
mention of the 3 eyed raven at all in the whole season. When it finally
finished I was left without that same feeling of wanting the next
season to appear so quickly. I think the screen writers have now spoilt
the series and although I would continue to watch them until they
finally wrote of the series it wouldn't bother me now if the series is
shelved.Lets just hope that they up the game in 2016 and concentrate on the
storyline rather than the special effects.
"
"333" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"334" "
I gave GOT a 10 out of 10 score of course, how could you not? This show
is the best thing that is on premium television and all of television
period. You could argue Breaking Bad possibly but Bad and i had a
falling out, it became boring to me at points up until the series
finale....Holy crap!!But it still does not compare to GOT. Yes True
detective was amazing but not as big or as epic as GOT. I was a huge
fan even before the show started. I have read all the books and when i
heard HBO was going to do the GOT series I lost my mind and was so
stoked so i read all the books again to catch up before the show
started. I have not missed an episode and do not plan to. I recommend
this show very much. It has everything; drama, action, romance and
crazy plot twists. George R.R. Martin has no problem killing off main
characters which just adds to the excitement and suspense because no
one is safe....
"
"335" "
The show is one of a kind and will not be duplicated or supplanted. The
books are generally a great read, and the show gets consistently more
out of all the actors than any show I've seen of late.This isn't the typical American \"Happy Ending\" nonsense. Bad things
happen to good people in Game of Thrones. That's part of the beauty of
Game of Thrones, your feelings aren't spared in the least. The series
will break your heart, shake you up and leave you disillusioned. Once
you become immersed in the story and allow yourself to feel for the
characters there's no turning back regardless of what happens.I've ready all the books, will own all the DVDs. I'm completely
captivated no matter how mad they make me! For me, there's the Game Of
Thrones and then there's everything else.
"
"336" "
As a big fan of the \"A Song of Ice and Fire\" series I was thrilled when
HBO announced this series, but also somewhat ill-at-ease after having
seen so many other much loved books ruined in screen adaptations.Overall I think HBO have done an outstanding job, especially in the
area of casting. The characters come across almost exactly as I
imagined them in the books, and some even better. In particular I've
been hugely impressed with the work of Jack Gleeson as Joffrey. I
seriously want to strangle that little $%^* - which is kinda the point!The visuals are also stunning, with dragons, giants, and white walkers
seamlessly integrated into the scenes.Of course, as with any die-hard fan I have my gripes. The replacement
of Jeyne Westerling with Talisa Maegyr, seemed clumsy and unnecessary.
It appears that the producers wanted a more \"romantic\" storyline.The omission of Strong Belwas is also disappointing, and leaves me
wondering how they will cover some of his role in future parts of the
story.But these complaints are minor, and certainly do little to diminish the
overall mastery of this story by the cast and crew, for what is surely
one of the most talked about TV shows in history, inspiring a multitude
of only fan sites - and even an online coloring book
(http://www.gameofthronescoloringbook.com)!
"
"337" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"338" "
\"Game of Thrones\" to me right now is the best show on TV by a long way.
To me, it would hold it's own even against the great shows of HBO from
the last decade, which (at least to me) is quite an achievement for a
series which has just concluded it's second season.This it achieves due to it's complete form as a piece of art. It has
the best cast ensemble where character development is achieved with a
fluidity that is hard to attain when you have so many major players
crunched into ten episode seasons. It's writing is mesmerizing as the
prose brings to the forefront many aspects which not only provides an
intricate look into this fantastical world, but insights into the human
mind in our world. There are great performances provided from it's cast
coming from actors of all ages with the greatest turn provided by Peter
Dinklage, who right now is probably the most favorite TV character and
Jack Gleeson who delves into the evil side of a young king, who is a
sociopath, with a realism you would not expect from an actor so young.
It has at it's disposal some of the most accomplished TV Directors who
have directed numerous episodes in great shows such as \"The Sopranos\",
\"Deadwood\", \"Six Feet Under\", \"The Wire\" just to name a few. The
greatest asset of the show, however, is the vision of the writer of the
Best-selling novel it is based on, George R. Martin and the visionary
adaptation done by it's two creators, David Benioff and D.B. Weiss who
have brought Martin's magical world to screen with enviable perfection.The series deals with the struggle of many different factions who wish
to control the Iron Throne which sits at King's Landing in Westeros.
Like any form of art which deals with power, it deals with many varying
characters with different methods and motives in achieving their own
needs and wants to ensure survival, power and other aims depending on
the needs of the player who plays this dangerous game. It is immersed
in a world filled with magic but it provides a realistic look into the
thin line maintained between good and evil and who's validity is
influenced by the ones who control the definitions through victory
rather than with reason. Even though the central plot to the series is the struggle towards
holding or achieving the Iron throne, there is another significant war
without which this struggle would never go on. This \"other\" war is
fought by the unknown and the rejected of society who hold the wall
against civilization and are not accorded with the glory which is
showered on warriors they protect. They live their lives in anonymity
despite their sacrifices. The realm of the true unsung hero is
portrayed through these guardians who are not how you would picture
them to be and who invalidate all our definitions about heroes despite
performing actions which being called heroic would trivialize their
sacrifices.For all of you who have not seen this show, I have tried to keep the
information to it's bare minimum because it is a MUST-SEE for every
adult and it would be a crime for me to spoil it for you. If you want
to watch something which is provocative, smart and unique, this show is
bound to be your cup of tea. \"Game of Thrones\" to me is the most
imaginative series of all time and has raised the bar on television
like the select few shows that came before it and which shaped the
quality of the medium during their existence.
"
"339" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"340" "
I watched the trailers for months, being a fan of sword and sorcery
fantasy I was looking forward to this new series. I wasn't
disappointed. By the last episode I had made up my mind to read the
books. I was amazed to see how close the producers stayed to Martins
writing. The actors really felt their parts. Peter Dinklage, Michelle
Fairly Emilia Clarke are all stand outs, not to mention all the Stark
children. The dialog was almost word for word. From page to screen,
Martins prose brought to life, almost exactly like he wrote it. It
wasn't really till my second viewing that I really fell in love with
Game Of Thrones. Although, I must be honest I missed a lot of the
details they left out. Things like Daenerys being dressed before her
meeting Kal Drogo, being told that the Kal is so rich even his slaves
wear golden collars. Then, her hand maid puts a golden choker around
her neck. Daenerys' and Bran's dreams, and the flashbacks to the
rebellion that won Robert Baratheon the iron throne just to name a few.
I understand sometime its necessary to omit certain things when making
an adaptation, but it would have been so easy to include most of this
things, but I digress. Now the second season has begun. Having now read
the first 4 books I can only hope they can keep true to the VERY
complex narrative. So far its only 4 episodes in, and even though they
have already advanced the pacing of several story lines and changed
many details such as Tywin Lanister being the ruling lord at Harrenhal
instead of Roose Bolton, I still find the show a very enjoyable watch.
I have read online that HBO has included things from book 3 in season
2. I can only pray they did not have to remove plot lines for book 2 to
cram in whatever bits they took from book 3.
"
"341" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"342" "
I enjoyed the series a lot and got interested enough to read the books.
The series depict intrigues and drama, mostly accurately following the
books story line. Of course some minor characters and events are left
out since it is impossible to show on the screen all the broad scope of
the books. People who say the show is not moving forward obviously
didn't read the books (about 1000 pages each). The acting is good on
the most part - especially Peter Dinklage who is brilliant as Tyrion,
and Sean Bean. Other well-played characters are Catelyn Stark,
Littlefinger, Bronn, Pycelle, Varys, Hound, Theon and Daenarys. Joffrey
is very annoying as he is smiling all the time, and his facial
expressions don't match his cruelty.Some casting problems - the actor
who is playing Robb has frozen expression, and a very thick accent.
Brienne is not ugly enough. She should be ugly as in the book, because
this is one of her motives to be a warrior. Asha Greyjoy is supposed to
be sexy and attractive - the actress is not. Margaery should be
younger. There is too much sex and gay sex - some scenes were invented
and never appeared in the books: the lesbian scene in the brothel,
Margaery and Renly on their wedding night, Renly and Loras, Joffrey and
the whores. I don't think that people watch this show for the sex and
nudity, so why to throw in even more than necessary by the plot.
Overall - great entertainment despite some shortcomings. I hope there
will be third and forth seasons.
"
"343" "
Game of Thrones is based on a series of novels written by the very
talented George R. R. Martin. The show contains everything a truly
amazing show should. The acting is phenomenal and the accompanying
cinematography, story, sets, visual effects, and writing simply can't
be found anywhere else. GoT tells human stories in a fantastic world
running rampant with magic and otherworldly things that provide thrills
and really hook a watcher in. The show is well done and one that
shouldn't be passed up. All the characters (even the villains) are
nearly impossible not to get extremely attached to. If you think
important characters in other movies or television shows have met
gruesome deaths your whole view will change after seeing Game of
Thrones. Truly no character is safe. In conclusion the show is the best
show that there ever has been or will be. A man will always love Game
of Thrones. The acting is amazing and the story is gripping beyond
belief. Give Game of Thrones a watch!
"
"344" "Add another review"
"345" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"346" "
...I don't understand why is it so special. My friend gave me the first
2 books as a present years ago (knowing I like fantasy and good
sci-fi), with his personal recommendation. I couldn't get through the
first half of the first book. Now my other half got the series, and we
have watched the first 2 seasons, so you can say I don't have the full
picture yet, but on the other hand I feel I have had more than a
glimpse. With so many positive reviews, I'm sure I'm the odd egg...but
my issues are the following: 1) The balance always seems to be off for
me (example: Winterfell is a capital, but it can be taken by 20 men,
when even without garrison they say there were 200 \"northeners\"
inside...it looks like the size of a family farm in one set when
showing the inner courtyard, then in the next set showing from the
outside it's like the size of the Castle of Dover...decide already,
please: either is fine, just be consistent). 2) Politics are way too
prominent for my taste (but, if one likes that kind of storytelling, I
can understand its popularity). 3) Nudity and sex again is much in
front, and while I have absolutely no issues with sex, in a fantasy
show I find it excessive (and so cheap) that half of the story seems to
revolve around it (yes, of course it is important, but this much?
Really? What are we, 13?) 4) So many twisted characters, so little
sanity. I wonder how this whole realms survived at all with so little
common sense and ground, but it might be again a personal thing...for
me, it is difficult to like a show with so few likable characters (and
having some more characters with a bit more sanity or moral composure
wouldn't make them or the story \"one-dimensional\", I think) 5) Magic on
the other hand (in general) is way too much in the background. Example:
they said the birth of the 3 dragons are the most important and
relevant happening in the last x hundred years, and yet in the entire
2nd season the same dragons (including scenes when they are talking
about them) got maybe 10 minutes of screen time (if that - but we have
lots of tits instead, every 10 minutes or so).That being said, it is transparent that a lot of effort went into the
show: most of the actors are doing a fabulous job (and the rest are
still good, at least in my view), the visuals (including attention to
details) are great, the music is excellent and contributes to the
overall atmosphere (which is the main reason I'm still watching this
and will continue to season 3). I just wish it would be more fantasy
and more storytelling, with less cheap sex/sexual references and fewer
\"imbalanced\" (to put it mildly) characters.
"
"347" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"348" "
After Breaking Bad i thought no TV show or story line would be better.
Turn out i was wrong, though not entirely considering they are very
different shows in all kind of ways. Sure BB will always have a place
in my heart. That being say, if you are looking something else to
watch, something really extraordinary, Game of Trhones has everything
you would wish and more, much much more. The story itself, with 3 main
plots and such nice development across the seasons, could be enough to
make your mind. We have the history of the 7 kingdoms in which one of
them struggles an allies with the others for power, for love, for
family or glory. Everything is connected in the world of Westeros (the
main continent where the story goes on). The seize of power, fighting
all in all to see who sits on the Iron Throne is the goal here. But
another thing and not less important is the characters (and also the
cast portraying them) that fills the roles and make us closer and
closer as the plot flows. Let me give you a little advice, do not stick
too much with any of them, could bring you a lot of grief. Trust me.
Landscapes, montage, customs, CGI, everything makes it feel as real as
it can be, getting better from season to season. Finally, a mystic,
terrible and powerful force is awakening to threat the entire world,
and there's an old prophecy that says one day will born a prince that
was promise, and his song will be the Song of Ice and Fire, which is
the tittle of the whole saga from the books from where the show was
adapted. So, stop reading and go watch this unique fiction fantasy
drama action series, cause if you miss it, you'll be missing the
greatest adventure of your lifetime.
"
"349" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"350" "
I rate this 10 because the storyline is amazing. There is no show like
this one, most other shows sucks so much in comparison. Good
dialogue,balanced with action, drama, comedy, thrilling. The only
negative thing I would say that the show has too few episodes each
season I wish there was more. ^^I must laugh of those who say the show is predictable, they either read
the book or they are full of bull. The show takes you on an amazing
ride. Some says it's boring? Why because there actually is happening
things all the time if one pays attention.Make up your own mind, watch a few episodes, and see if this is too
your likening. ^^ Enjoy to everyone who is awaiting season 6. ^^
"
"351" "
I felt the need to add my two cents simply because of the (somewhat
few) negative reviews posted on IMDb. The only criticism I can accept
is the fact of much female nudity, compared with no full frontal male
nudity, a strange yet common phenomenon not in any way limited to this
series. Other than that, GOT is what so many others have accurately described:
possibly the most beautifully filmed, addictive TV show ever produced.
The acting is simply superb, on all levels. This is one show that could
be truly described as having an ensemble cast, and to that end, no
actor/actress seems to outshine the others. All are excellent and seem
to truly understand their character's motivations. I have also read the
books which were truly fantastic, although at times long. I could not
even have imagined it possible that a TV show could be so true to the
books and yet almost exceeding the quality of the books. The few plot
variations from book to show tend to make sense in terms of making the
series watchable and in light of the time restrictions for each season. The people responsible for casting show really deserve a lot of credit.
I am absolutely blown away by how well each character is translated to
the screen and which actors are chosen for each part. In addition, as
other reviewers have noted, the production values and special effects
are second to none. Of course, a lot of people die in the show and I was sad to that Sean
Bean had only one season. But, oh, did he make good use of it! I'm sure
everyone has their favorites, I personally think the actors who play
Lord Baelish (Littlefinger), Lord Varys and Stannis Baratheon are just
amazing. But then, who isn't, on GOT? Ultimately, the real reason for the brilliance of this series is some
truly unforgettable moments. So many movies and TV shows are enjoyable,
but I end up not thinking much about them after they have ended. Not so
with GOT. I laud the producers for taking it seriously enough to
produce a truly meaningful, important work of art. There will always be
haters and naysayers, I am glad that so many people appreciate this
show. Thanks HBO, for making me so happy!!!!
"
"352" "
I usually do not review television series' until the end, because
anything can happen, but I've been tempted for a very long time with
this masterpiece. My God, I have never went through so many emotions
during a show. This show is the top of the cake for me and Breaking Bad
is second... Which is bad, because that isn't even on the cake compared
to how amazing this show is. A great TV show has characters you are
interested in and a story structure that doesn't get old. Game of
Thrones takes that bottom-line goal of all TV shows and exceeds to the
max with characters you genuinely believe in. You love some to death,
you hate some with a passion, you feel bad for some, and overall... You
care what happens to these fictitious people. That is what's important.
Since, George R.R. Martin is such a fantastic, twisted writer he knows
how to create amazing characters. We're introduced to many throughout
the series and they all bring a story that somehow circulates into the
main plot. It seems like shows like Walking Dead tries to mimic that,
but it doesn't work for me, because there are many characters on
Walking Dead I do not care for. Both series have something obvious to
expect between them. And that is death. At any moment in both shows,
anyone can die. With Walking Dead, you would be upset if a few die. The
rest could die and it's whatever. The plot not even change. With Game
of Thrones, every death is a blow, because you have time to really get
to know these people. The plot spins out control with each death. That
is quality television. Television is the only medium where you can
truly capture a character's growth without it being too rushed or too
slow. Game of Thrones really uses that to its advantage. Everything
that's good about this show is that it takes the advantage of being a
show that can last years and it is shot and presented like a damn
movie. There's a reason it's the most pirated show in history. It is
literally the perfect show. To think, the two producers that started it
really didn't have any experience with television or film and they are
doing such a wonderful job. If that's not inspiring, I don't know what
is.
"
"353" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"354" "
I love this show its honestly the best TV show ever made I just love it
so much.what I love most about this TV show is the characters, the writing, and
the story of it all in the TV show I have watched all 3 seasons 2 times
and im just amazed of how this show is and how its developed of all
means.out of all the characters I love in the show I like tyrion he's funny,
honest, and great.so if anybody ever wants to watch a great TV show watch this I really
recommend it to anyone.
"
"355" "
All i really want to say about game of thrones is that i Love it! I
really didn't think i would. I'm normally not in to the fantasy type
stuff. When trees started walking in lord of the rings, i walked away
from my TV! Its also safe to say i am now totally in love with
Daenerys(Emelia Clarke)Another thing i love about GoT is the emotions it seem to evoke! I
found myself genuinely angry after season 3 episode 9 and had to take
some time to calm down!! Why did i care so much!? The characters are
amazing, you find yourself really rooting for certain people, and
actually caring about others, and of course hoping others get what they
deserved!I normally like to save TV series up and watch them at my own pace, but
with this i have to watch each episode as soon as its on TV! The only
reason this doesn't get 10 stars from me is because i still can't fully
get over the fantasy bits, fire gods, monsters north of the wall etc i
clearly just don't have the imagination!
"
"356" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"357" "
Im not a big fan of reading books. Don't like it all. But, as I watched
how good reviews Game of the Thrones I just thought for myself
\"Allright, I deeply hope that IMDb doesn't screw this up nor the
voters, so I give it a try\".I started to watch. Maybe a bit slow start, didn't catch up everything,
but as the Series went on, I became more and more stuck. The characters
are great in most part. Many fit in their role very good. Now I've
finished the first Season and all I can say is: Wow! Amazing. Much
nudity and curses, but that doesn't mean that these series sucks, its
not that way! Its a really great series and I like it much.Hmh, Im sure that its because I haven't read the books I don't
understand completely everything, or I hope at least I understand most
of the series (becouse this was my first Season, gonna watch the second
now) so.. I could've give this a 10/10 but I stick with a 8/10. One of
the best series I've ever watched....So far, I hope Season 2 is as good
as this one, or Better..I'll edit my post after Season 2. So far 8/10I must say that Peter Dinklage as Tyrion Lannister is a superb
character (and actor of course) There is no words to describe, no
words. Peter nailed it as Tyrion. Just simply amazing.
"
"358" "
I can say, that Game of Thrones is the best TV show I ever watched.
Better than, House, Heroes, 24 or even Dexter. Although, I have to
admit, that by the first episode I wasn't really fond of the show, it
even annoyed me little, because I expected it more to be like Lord of
the Rings. If you want to watch the series because you liked Sean Bean
in Peter Jackson's trilogy, then Game of Thrones will be disappointing
for you. It is something entirely different, and although it is, as
well, in the fantasy genre, its style can not be compared to The Lord
of the Rings. It's much darker, bloodier, has a lot more swearing and
nudity. So, if you expect to see some fun adventure like the movie
trilogy stated above, avoid this show. Because, I have to say, I hated
the first episode, because it disappointed me so much. I ceased
watching the show even, but when I learned it was nominated for Golden
Globe, I thought I'd give it a second chance. And I'm glad I did.The story is good, the actors are fantastic, the intro and theme music
are amazing and the art direction and costume designs are also
masterful. My favorites in the show were Tyrion Lannister (the amazing
Peter Dinklage), Eddard Stark (the always great Sean Bean) and Daenerys
Targarien (the fantastic Emilia Clarke). The two people I literally
loathed were Cersei Lannister (Lena Headey whom I don't really like)
and her annoying little brat, Joffrey Baratheon (played by Jack
Gleeson, that kid with the annoying face from Batman Begins). Mark Addy
was very funny, also Aidan Gillen and Kit Harington did very good jobs
as well.I didn't read the book, but I liked the story and the drama very much.
It was interesting to see a fantasy more about politics and the
relationship of people, than the actual adventure. I would've liked
more action though, I hated when they faded out of a whole battle scene
just because Tyrion fell unconscious, but that's maybe because that's
how it was done in the book or the creators didn't have enough money or
time. Anyway, it's a great show, but it needs a bit more of fighting
and battle. And a little less nudity wouldn't go amiss either. I don't
see the need for it, so why show cocks and tits in every episode? If I
wanted to see that, I'd go watch porn. Maybe the director was just
horny.
"
"359" "
For those of you who love fantasy watching game of thrones is
essential, and for the stereotypes who view fantasy as a tale of magic
and princes, thrones will change your ideas completely. Game of thrones
is an epic fantasy with an incredible character driven narrative and
set against an epic backdrop of violence, nudity and sex. It's
essentially a tale between 7 feuding families fighting for dominion
over the mythical land of Westeros and the fascinating struggle for
power that ensues. The plot is full of twists and turns that makes for
a compelling drama, that is set in some of the most stunning locations
witnessed on TV. Breathtaking location like the frozen fortress of the
Nights Watch and the rats nest of a capital that is Kings Landing,
provide the viewer with plenty of eye candy, whilst confirming this
shows status as the most ambitious piece of work ever to grace TV. The
production values and high quality script writing both contribute to
the overall quality of the show, with quotes like \"Try to penetrate the
enigma that is me\" and \"Winter is coming\" soon becoming common
household phrases and typifying the quality of the people who work on
the show. However it's the characters and actors who portray them, that
make this show truly great. From the witty dwarf Tyrion Lannister
played by the excellent Peter Dinklage, to the noble Ned Stark played
by the legendary Sean Bean,to the feisty Daenerys Targaeryan played by
the beautiful Emilia Clarke, thrones oozes quality in the character and
acting department. Even some of the supposedly minor characters like
the slippery informant Varys,the loudmouthed GreatJohn Umber, the
mindless oaf Hodor and the infamous mercenary Bronn all manage to be
intriguing in their own way, which highlights the vast array of unique
characters thrones has. Thrones manages to keep the audience
emotionally invested in its various characters, whether you are rooting
for the honorable Ned or cursing at the scheming Lord Baelish,there is
a character everyone can relate to. Overall thrones is a sophisticated
adult fantasy that doesn't hold back, and HBO must be commended for
their faithful adaptation of the a song of ice and fire series of
books. The sheer gore and sexual activities encompassed in the series
makes it a uniquely entertaining experience and not one for the feint
hearted. Lord of the rings this certainly isn't, game of thrones
reinvents the fantasy genre in a stylish sort of way, which is a credit
to author George RR Martin and show runners David Benioff and Dan
Weiss.
"
"360" "Add another review"
"361" "
You can have as many big stars in your film or series but it doesn't
necessarily make it a winner. If you've seen The Cannonball Run 2
you'll understand where I'm coming from here.I'm sure there are some quite good plots among the series and I won't
criticise that, but the acting is unnecessary. When you go to see a
play at a theatre the actors will, even if there supposed to emphasize
whispering, will shout with much drama. This is so the people at the
back of the audience can hear what's being said. You don't need to do
this on television, they use microphones and the audience has a remote
to control the audible volume. In Game of Thrones however, the actors
have obviously forgotten they're no longer on a stage in front of a
thousand people, so they carry on in the usual Shakespearean fashion
and that for me completely vanquished any interest I may have otherwise
had.Now the thing I don't understand is this - the show has been on for
about 5 years now, but it's only in the last year/18 months people have
started talking about it. No wait, going f***ing mental about it. Why?!
Why NOW!? To some people this show has become a religion and that's fine, but
they're also folk out there who enjoy voyeurism and that's umm....fine
too.
"
"362" "
I had to come and write a review even though I rarely do, so why am I
writing one now? Because of the trolls that just love to hate on
anything and try to drag down the score of what is easily a 10 star
rated show. There is no reason this show should be scored anything
below a 10. It has everything and is so appealing visually the only
score for it is a 10, acting 10, story line 10, special effects 10 and
so on. The only complaint I have is George wanted 13 episode seasons
and D&D would only do 10, that is truly sad, D&D have shorted us
important story lines that have been cut for time and so they have
cheated us out of 18 eps at and hour each, that's 180 hours of GoT left
on the table, that's a travesty.So for you trolls that want to hate
something so glorious, hate away, you are insignificant and enjoy your
miserable existences while I and millions of others enjoy the Game of
Thrones :)
"
"363" "
This show is one in a million. The difference between Game Of Thrones
and other shows is simply this. Every episode is grabbing, i found that
in Breaking Bad, or in Sons Of Anarchy, or in True Detective that the
episodes are not reeling you in every time. But in this masterpiece, i
find that i am always interested to watch. One aspect of brilliance
includes the dispersion of the various character story lines. E.g.
Daenerys Targarean, or Jamie Lannister, or Arya Stark etc. This
technique enhances the viewers attention, and gives the audience
something new to look forward to, rather than three or four characters
that are followed the whole episode (like other TV shows). Overall,
this is my favourite show, and is excellent. No other show competes
with GOT, Winter Is Coming!!!
"
"364" "
Do I think this series is currently the best on TV? Yes I do. Every
aspect is spot on. I haven't even touched the books, but this show
makes me feel like I don't even need to. The characters all have an
extreme amount of depth (despite the massive cast), and the plot leaves
you wanting more with each and every episode. I've turned several
friends onto this series and have yet to have one not fall in love with
it. We've gotten to the point that each year after the season finally
we become deeply depressed until the new season begins. That may not be
healthy, but this obsession is just another testament to how amazing
GoT really is.I don't really want to give anything away, so I'll stop
here. If anyone is debating whether to start watching, don't hesitate!
"
"365" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"366" "
MY REVIEW CONTAIN A HUGE AMOUNT OF SPOILERS FROM BOTH BOOK AND SHOW Be
aware WHEN READING:D I started to watch Game Of Thrones after the fourth season had ended,
cause I has wanted to watch it ever since I knew it about the
storyline, it was a couple days after the third season had just
finished that I found out it was not based in this world or time(aka :
Fiction and I love me some fiction). So after I found that out I went
to its wikia page and there I saw a picture with Dany and Drogo it
looked as if her boobs were being shown, I then went and looked up
\"parental guide for game of throne\", to my knowing there was a huge
amount of nudity and sex(Me : since I am 14 I don't want to see that
kinda stuff).So after the fourth season was done I looked at the parental guide on
IMDb and it said \"no nudity\" on the last episode, so I downloaded and
watched it, I did not know who was who, what was what, where was where
I only knew Dany, Sansa, and Jon, I was so clueless before I thought
Jon falls in love with Sansa, not knowing that its his half-sister and
still I oddly liked the episode. So again I went to its Wikia and and
went to the first episode of the entire show(Winter Is Coming) page and
scrolled down and saw \"recap for winter is coming, scene by scene\"
opened that, can back to IMDb's parents guide read the nudity in
episode one, read to recap over and over again tell a knew when and
where the sex/nudity scene appears(in even the same second)and when it
ended both pages(IMDb guide and Wikia's page. I finally had everything
I need for my watching of the first 5 episodes of the first season I
just need to download them, I downloaded them and I watched them
(skipping the sex/nudity scenes) and I loved every minute of each
episode I watched of Game Of Thrones.Now I am on season 4 episode 6,
and so far my favorite characters are The Golden Twins(Cersei and Jamie
Lannister), Tryion Lannister, Sansa and Arya Stark, Jon Snow, and
Daenerys Targaryen(aka Stormborn and shes my main favorite), Reek(Theon
Greyjoy), and last Margaery Tyrell.My favorite part about the show is it is not those book turned show
where they changed so much about the show that it puts you off it, that
never changed that much from the book and when you get a twist like if
they do bring in what if Jon Snow is the bastard son of Lyanna and
Rhaegar cause readers remember Ned saying she \"died in a bed of blood\"
and her last words were a promise she made him keep,a promise like
protect my son, the people who say this theory isn't right bring that
fact that he has a dire-wolf(sigil for House Stark)but the people who
believe its true give a fact cause since Lyanna is Ned Starks full
sister and he to would also have a wolf and all the other
dire-wolfs(Shaggy-dog, Summer ,Lady, Grey Wolf , and last Nymeri ) all
have dark like-fur because both of their parents Tully and Stark have
dark hair, on the other hand Ghost(Jon Snows dire-wolf)has white(a
color often made with a Targaryen features)fur and since the wolfs were
made for stark children he to would get one since his mother is a Stark
if this theory is right, they also bring in that in order for you to
have a surname if your a bastard you need to know where your mother is
from (i.e. where the mother is from, not where the father is from. For
example, a noble lord from the Storm-lands could father one bastard
child in the Vale, and another in the River-lands, but neither would
use the surname \"Storm\": the first bastard would use the surname
\"Stone\", and the second would use the surname \"Rivers.\" credit to the
Wikia page for Bastards ) Jon Snow, as a result of the mystery
surrounding his mother's identity he came to use the name Snow but Ned
didn't seem have a problem with this hence the idea he knows his sister
is the mother to \"his\" supposed bastard son cause if it is her son he
would use the name Snow but not by default Overall don't let
nudity/sex, profanity get in the way of you watching the perfect show
"
"367" "
This is one of the better shows I've seen in a long time. I'm a huge
fan of the book series, and had my doubts about its adaptation to a TV
show. But it certainly exceeded my expectations. The casting is great,
and the acting is superb, especially for having such a huge cast.
Michelle Fairley is incredible as Catelyn Stark, but let's not forget
about Peter Dinklage as Tyrion or Jack Gleeson's perfect portrayal of
Joffrey. Heck, I like them all. It's a perfect mix of drama and action,
and some of the visuals (especially the Wall) are simply stunning. I've
just finished Season 1 and am so excited to start the second season.
Winter is coming!!!
"
"368" "
It just doesn't get better than this.Acting: check .. Cinematography: check .. Dialogue: check ..
Directing/Screening: checkIf you are not a fan of Fantasy i urge you to watch this show as it
will completely change your perception. This show is so true to the
book its unreal at how they managed to capture each and every essence
that the book emits. It takes a couple of episodes for one to be
totally engrossed into it. I have a 6-episode rule with all shows
however this show needed no more than 20 mins for you to know that it
was going to be exceptionally good
"
"369" "
This series has got to be by far the best I've seen to-date. The
authenticity of characters and places was stunning. I wasn't expecting
much when it first aired, but then I was hooked. 2012 is too long to
wait for the next season! Brilliant cast, excellent acting, great
direction. Loved Sean Bean in the role of Ned Stark as the King's Hand.
Lena Headey has come a long way from the \"Sarah Connor Chronicles\"!
Peter Dinklage as Tyrion Lannister was outstanding and immensely
enjoyable to watch. The integrity of every cast member's role was
maintained to the finish of the season. Can't wait to see what happens
next. Have half a mind to get and read the entire series of A Song of
Ice and Fire.
"
"370" "
I read reviews of people complaining about F-Words and Porn not being
needed for storytelling and F-Words aren't for medieval genre's and so
on and so forth. They clearly don't understand that this happens in an
alternative universe where anything and everything is possible, F-Words
and Porn, having sex with whores is an extremely important for
explaining how character's are, they're attitudes and actions say
everything.I watched the first episode and was very surprised, got myself the next
9 hours and watched it in 9 hours, I was left astounded. Now I did not
read the books, which made it very difficult for me to understand the
story and plot the first viewing, I was confused some of the time and
things didn't make sense to me. I made myself familiar with the
characters and the history of the land of Westeros, the Houses and
families, the second viewing of the entire season I was even more
astounded. This is the type of production that makes you connect with
the characters, extremely good writing this is.Give yourself a look at Game of Thrones, with an open mind, focus and a
taste for good storytelling, you will not be left disappointed. Unless
of course this whole type of thing simply doesn't enter your taste of
genre, but then again, why are you here?
"
"371" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"372" "
Game of Thrones (GoT) is a large-scale fantasy series; the first part
of the trilogy \"A Song of Ice and Fire\" written by G.R.R. Martin.Basically, GoT is about several noble houses in the fantasy realm of
Westeros that struggle to keep or to gain power. The king, Robert of the house Baratheon, currently occupies the
so-called Iron Throne, the seat of power in Westeros. House Lannister is rich, ruthless and power-hungry and is directly
involved in the important political decisions, as Cersei Lannister is
the wife of King Robert.The Starks of Winterfell are rather loyal to the king and honorable in
their duties. As the Lord of Winterfell, Eddard \"Ned\" Stark, is called
to serve the king, he and his family are thrown into a maelstrom of
political intrigue and devious and dangerous people around the king's
court.The house of Targaryen is almost extinct, thanks to a war several years
ago where Robert Baratheon claimed the throne in a rebellion against
the king Aerys Targaryen. But 2 siblings, Danaerys and Viserys
Targaryen, managed to flee across the \"Narrow Sea\" escaping certain
death. Now they hatch plans to return to Westeros and reclaim the Iron
Throne.HBO took the challenge to put the 800 pages of the first novel to
screen with 10 one-hour-episodes. And they did it brilliantly!What makes this TV series so interesting and fun to watch (besides the
really good story) are the actors. Almost all of them are great,
especially the children (who play a vital role in the story). Maisie Williams (Arya), Jack Gleeson (wonderful evil Joffrey), Richard
Madden (Robb), Isaac Hempstead-Wright (Bran) and Emilia Clarke
(Danaerys) should be nominated for an Emmy! A storyline, that didn't
interest me that much while reading the books, is brought to life by
Emilia Clarke's portrayal of Danaerys Targaryen. That says a lot about
the quality of her performance.The \"adults\" are also well cast, special mention goes to Sean Bean as
Eddard \"Ned\" Stark and Michelle Fairley as his wife Catelyn. Peter
Dinklage as Tyrion Lannister is awesome, he really IS Tyrion.Yes, there are maaany characters in the show; all the more it is
stunning to see them blend in easily and interact with each other so
well.So many story lines to follow and so many characters to remember, that
can be difficult. But it's worth it, absolutely. The decisions the
characters (sometimes have to) make result from a rather quiet
beginning and stand-off between the houses to outright war and murder.
At the end of season 1, the realm stands on the brink of chaos, as
there are now several people who lay claim to the throne. The opening credits also deserve mentioning: They are gorgeous and come
with an epic musical score. This intro changes in some episodes
according to the locations where the current episode is playing. Great
idea.Thank you HBO, and all people involved, for bringing this book alive on
the TV-screen.I highly recommend watching this series and I'm looking forward to
season 2!
"
"373" "Add another review"
"374" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"375" "
OK, The season is over and I have read several reviews here so now I
guess it's my turn simply because I have been overwhelmed by this
series.First, I have never read the books prior to watching this. I rarely
watch TV so I missed the hype. I actually stumbled across a mention of
this online while surfing the web on the day that the premiere aired.
The name sounded familiar and sure enough, I had heard of the books but
never read them, not being a huge fantasy fan. So I thought I'd try it.Wow, am I ever glad I did! This is the most astounding TV show I have
seen since the first season of \"Lost.\" The characters are entertaining,
the story is gripping and the acting is fantastic. For the first time
in years I eagerly awaited the next episode of a TV show and was never
disappointed.This isn't your typical fantasy story. First, Harry Potter or Lord of
the Rings this DEFINITELY is not. This is for adults! There is a lot of
violence, some gory some just shocking, and a lot of sex. Someone else
mentioned they were upset because the people who were mentioning the
sex didn't mention the incest involved. Well that's probably because
it's an integral part of the story and could be considered a SPOILER!
Others also mention that it's too weird for a \"historical\" piece. Umm,
no. This is NOT a historical piece, ala \"Camelot.\" This takes place in
a fictional universe in a fictional time. This is NOT our Earth.If you have not seen it and have HBO then go to On Demand or HBO GO and
watch it. If you don't have HBO then order the DVD's when they become
available. This is EPIC. 10 stars.Oh, and Peter Dinklage deserves an Emmy.
"
"376" "
As a movie and a TV series freak i was doubting for a while that HBO
maybe took a big bite whit this series,but luckily that wasn't the
case.HBO did a great job whit this one and i am sure that it will stay like
that.I am a little puzzled by the fact that no one tried to make a
movie rather then a TV series like whit \"The lord of the rings\" saga.Best TV series i watched so far ( and i watched a lot ),i am really
thankful to HBO for putting in the extra effort to not go away from the
storyline and production/wise it was more then i expected.Pure 10 in my opinion Regards Ognjen Kisic
"
"377" "
This is by far one of the best television shows out right now.
Everybody has heard about Game of Thrones. It is quite possibly one of
the most famous and well known TV shows out and everybody knows at
least 1 person that watches it. I started watching when the show was on
season 2 after a lot of my friends were talking about how great it was.
I have not read the books. I'll be honest, the show is pretty tough to
keep up with at first. If you haven't read the books, be prepared to do
a bunch of recap readings because you will be confused in the first two
or three episodes. There are a LOT of characters introduced, and
becoming familiar with who everyone is and the relationships takes some
getting used to. However, after the first three episodes, I was quite
accustomed with who people were and how they were related to each
other.The plot is amazing. It is a very good complex in-depth story, and the
pacing is fantastic. I am never bored during an episode. Especially
considering that nobody is safe on this episode. Every character is
disposable. There were important characters who I thought would never
die that get killed off randomly. And these characters aren't just
unimportant side characters. There have been a ton of main characters
that have been killed off. It just makes the stakes that much higher
and each episode is made so much more interesting because of that. The acting is superb. Every actor does a great job. I especially love
Peter Dinklage, Lena Headey, Emilia Clarke, Maisie WIlliams and Kit
Harington. Their performances are outstanding. However, every other
performance is also fantastic. The actors clearly really care about
their performances.The effects are also marvelous. The big battles look epic and really
nice especially for a television show. The white walkers and dragons
also look really nice. The settings are also all beautifully crafted
and look gorgeous.This is not a show for the weak hearted. There is a ton of gruesome
violence and a ton of graphic nudity. Many people say that Game of
Thrones is basically a porno and it pretty much is. There is nudity in
almost every episode whether it be topless girls or full frontal. GoT
does not hold back. However, there are some absolute gorgeous ladies
that have gotten nude on this show like Daenarys, Shae, Ygritte,
Margaery, Melisandre, and many many more. For me, this is just icing on
the cake of a very good show.As my friend described it, this show has everything a guy could want
from a TV show: an amazing story, tons of violence, tons of nudity and
sex, dragons, magic, and zombies. It is an absolutely amazing show that
really does deserve all the praise, and I simply cannot wait for season
5 to come out.
"
"378" "
I haven't read any of the books and therefore I wasn't a fan of this
series beforehand. This means that my review is based purely on the
television series itself, regardless whether or not it stays true to
the books.When I watched the first episode of \"Game of Thrones\" on HBO I
immediately knew this was going to be a one of a kind. First of all the
magnitude of this production is nothing less than what you'd expect
from a Hollywood blockbuster epic. Although episode one begins with
interweaving events which happen in various locations within the
fictional continent of Westeros, the characters begin to emerge rather
early in the story, and the likable ones are easy to engage with.Most of the actors are very good at portraying their character, and
it's only the odd one here and there who seems a little bit off, but
having said that with such a large cast and so many day players it is
expected. One of my personal favorite actors in this series is Sean
Bean as Ned Stark, and it's a real shame that we don't get to see more
of him after season one. Peter Dinklage is simply great as Tyrion
Lannister, and I quite liked Jason Momoa's character, Khal Drogo.What's beautiful about this series is that you truly never know what's
going to happen next. Anyone could be killed, there are no \"heroes\" in
this story, everyone is vulnerable in some way.
"
"379" "
Please note that I have not read the books. So this review is
completely based on the TV show.My my! What a show this is. It has a brilliant story, character
development which is done very well (some movies / TV shows don't even
care about this), and a whole lot of sex scenes and gore!Yes,yes. I know. The first 4 episodes of the 1st season are boring as
hell. It takes quite sometime in introducing all the characters, it
confuses you as to who is what, but after a point of time it all gets
fine. This show knows who must you hate, and who must you root for. It
does this job perfectly. (Tyrion Lannister is my favourite. Peter
Dinklage, you are an awesome actor!) There is the element of suspense,
the action, the tension, the politics, the drama...so whats not to like
about this?Probably because of its slow start, loads of sex scenes, and confusing
characters. I mean, come on. The sex scenes are unnecessary. I do agree
with that. But whats to complain about it? When you have hot actresses
like Emilia Clarke and Rose Leslie, why are you complaining? The books
probably had them. So if they are staying true to the books, then what
is wrong in that?You will get used to the characters in due course. So be a little
patient about that. All the characters are well-acted by some really
good actors. It was good that they shot some scenes in the Dothraki or
the Valyrian language instead of everything in English. It instills
that feeling of that medieval age thing in you.The main reason why i did not give this a full 10 was because of its
very very slow start and that some parts of it that are still boring
me. I really don't care about Stannis Baratheon or that Red Woman or
the Greyjoys. Which is a bummer, coz if they start focusing more on
someone who you don't like much, then you might probably start skipping
their parts. You start to feel as if their parts could have been fast
forwarded in terms of their storyline. One good example i can think of
is the White Walkers. i don't hate them in terms of their character,
but they have not done much damage at all other than the opening scene
in Season 1 Episode 1. I want to see them to do more damage to someone
at least. They take so much time to cross the wall itself!!Overall, this is a great show with a few flaws. And just because i gave
it a 8 does not mean i don't like it. I love it. If you can imagine, I
sat 4 hours a day watching 4 episodes each day and finished watching 4
seasons in just 2 weeks! Its that interesting sometimes.So do not Google it, or even YouTube about this show. Coz there are
idiots over there who have put so many spoilers here and there. So just
go to some torrent website, download this and have fun.!I've tried my best to give a spoiler-free review. Thanks for Reading.
"
"380" "
I cannot remember a time when I've given something 10/10 but Game of
Thrones deserves it. Set in the backdrop of a fantasy land, where there are power struggles
for supremacy galore! The characters are well developed and you feel
you slowly get to know everyone. The beauty of this is the characters
grow and you get to find out more and more about them, they become deep
and intricate.You have to stay on the ball as there are many story lines and there is
much to follow, but it's worth it. It is gripping, really gripping. The author isn't afraid to shock you, to take characters out and
there's always something unexpected. Story lines continue over each
episode, and it takes a while to work out what is going on in some
cases, which all adds to its mystique.I love this series, I cannot recommend it enough! Be aware there's lots
of bad language, sexual scenes etc, but strangely you don't mind as it
adds to realism of the story and its setting. Truly amazing work and
the actors are epic in their roles, every one of them believable.Go and watch! :-)
"
"381" "
What more can be said about this that already hasn't? If you're sat
reading this review wondering weather or not you want to sit down and
watch this then stop reading and watch it.For those of you that have chosen to carry on reading then let me just
try and begin to tell you just how good this show is.From the very first moment you watch this show and see the opening
credits you will be propelled into a world of betrayal, love, honour,
adultery, blood, guts, war, dragons, mystery, and a vast army of
different characters bringing this all together for you on your screen.It truly is a feast for the eyes. If you want all the above in one TV
show then is it.So go out, buy it and watch it.
"
"382" "
The first series EVER to deserve more then 10 starts, a MUST watch.If you think ANY other is the best series ever thats because you missed
this one.My top 3:1st: Game of Thrones - It has no week points, great scenarios and
excellent acting... xxx 2nd: Breaking Bad - The first episode says it
all... xxx 3rd: Swingtown - Magnificent series, too bad ratings
dictated the fate of this gem.If you have doubts... Just Watch 2 episodes and you'l see...Have fun
"
"383" "
Just about everything in this series is phenomenal. It is geared for
adults so the nudity, violence and gore might offend viewers. Some gory
scenes could have been left out. My wife is not into scifi, but she
loves the Renaissance aspect of the series.The plot is great and you may have to watch a couple of times to get it
sorted out. Casting is phenomenal. The actors play their part well.
Tyrion is intelligent and witty. The villains are evil, heros are
commendable, and the inept and insane are just that.A lot on the naughty side, I enjoy the \"all natural\" women. I was
actually surprised at the amount of flesh is shown, but sex sells.We await season 2 and hope it is as good as the first.
"
"384" "
I've seen by accident that the novel was turned into a TV series. I
watched all parts in in two rows and now i'm unhappy, of course April
is that far away.I don't want to give a summary, i just want to say this: As i read the
books, i thought that would be great as a movie like Lord of the rings.
As series it's even better, of course the story isn't shortened. All fantasy series i've seen so far, are made cheap and lack of a good
story. And with fantasy, i mean real fantasy, sword fighting and
dragons. This is the adaption of a very good novel and it's realized
well.For all fans of fantasy a MUST SEE. For all others ... forget what you
have seen so far (except for rare stuff like Lord of the rings and
Willow), try this out. May you will find your way to fantasy!
"
"385" "Add another review"
"386" "
I have finished the first season of Game of Thrones and all I can say
is that it was simply fantastic! Boardwalk Empire has been the HBO
series that has gained the most attention, but in all honesty I felt a
little disappointed by that one. Here, it's anything but.First off, for a medieval fantasy television series, the performances
are all fantastic. Every single performer steps up to the plate. Sean
Benn and Michelle Fairley are as perfect protagonists as one could hope
for. Yet the ones that even outshined them at times include Lena Headey
(who at times you feel her pain and at times you just want to cut her
head off), Nikolaj Coaster is also pretty fantastic, as is Peter
Dinklage (who is the most likable Lannister!). Kit Harrington and
Richard Madden are pretty incredible as well and show great future
potential. The directing and writing are not over-dramatic and the
story lines are actually pretty unpredictable after a while. Yet there
are still many melodramatic moments, but for the better.The art direction is superb, as is the cinematography as expected. This
is basically watching a film. I don't want to overdo these statements
since I am sure everyone pretty much knows it, but overall, this was
fantastic season. Oh, and the music score and opening credits are the
best on TV!
"
"387" "
This show is a phenomenon.It is so new and original.Very few shows can
claim to be as great as this one.It gets everything right.Magnificent
visuals,amazing performances and shocking twists around every
corner.Even the child actors are really good.Every single season
improves on the previous one.The characters are so awesome.My favourite
is Tyrion Lannister.Peter Dinklage is amazing and is easily the best
actor in the entire cast.This show has to be the most complicated and
intricate show ever.And that is what makes it awesome.My favourite
season is the fifth one.Season 6 is going on right now,and the stakes are super high.This show
shows no signs of running out of steam.By far the best on TV.
"
"388" "
I bought and read Game of Thrones the year it came out. I was hooked,
bought and read each book the week it came out. Book 4 left us
wondering what was going on, where we were going, but book 5 put us
right back on track.Martin is an extraordinary writer, with extraordinary vision. But as a
lover of the book series, i cannot love the HBO series.As a stand alone series its second to none, with incredible characters,
story and acting, but it has begun to stray so far from the books now,
it has destroyed the books.The first series stayed very true, as did the second, but after that it
strayed, and the latest series, well, i could not finish watching it.I would not recommend reading the books if you watched the series, or
watch the series if you read the books. Now i understand that most books do not convert directly to the screen.
LoTR was a classic example of this, and Peter Jackson (barring a couple
of epic failures) did an incredible job (though he murdered the
hobbit). But Game of Thrones you could have converted 99% to screen and
not deviate almost at all.Sadly i wish i had not watched the series now, as i feel i will not
enjoy book six as much (if it ever arrives).
"
"389" "
Okay so I'll start by saying that this programme is not something I
would normally watch.... I first came across \"Game of Thrones\" when
someone posted on their Facebook page that they were watching it. I
then looked it up and it had such a good rating on IMDb I decided to
watch it myself. I went to my local TESCO and found season 1 and
purchased it. I didn't think I'd be much into it, but after half of
episode 1, I found myself hooked. I feel the same way after every
episode. I wan't more and more and more. I've just recently purchased
season 2 and plan to start watching it very soon..... IF YOU'RE READING
THIS AND HAVEN'T SEEN GAME OF THRONES YET.... WATCH IT!!!!!!
"
"390" "
After personally reading each book, the Game of Thrones series was
incredulously close to the works written of in the books.The author is an incredibly talented writer and the dramatisation
regards the stories told with the precision of a sniper. Screenplay
adaptations are very hard to make, especially those done properly and
the only other fantasy work of art that has been produced correctly, in
my opinion was 'The Lord of the Rings'. 'Martin's books evoke a powerful image within the reader's mind about
the transcending story and the screen play adaptation was true to the
novel's idea's and story. Great praise to all cast and crew especially
Mr Benioff and Mr Weiss for the work of art on-screen. Special thanks
to Peter Dinklage who added a brilliantly comic performance to his own
role.Definitely dying to watch the next series unfold.
"
"391" "
I started watching Game of Thrones on Saturday night, I got to episode
10 last night (Tuesday) and am going to watch from episode 1 again
tonight, to say this is the greatest TV show ever made is no hyperbole,
it's exciting, looks beautiful, is witty and sly, sneaky, scary, heart
pounding and all a little familiar.The acting is amongst some of the best on screen, the characters
developed, deep, real feeling and mortal, they plot and grasp and try
and die, I really am totally enamoured with this amazing story of
amazing people.The intrigue is dialled up to 11, the sets make me gasp that a TV show
is making them, the style is so enriching that you always know where
you are from the walls or the people.Watch, enjoy, thank yourself and HBO for being amazing.
"
"392" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"393" "
i could not believe my eyes after watching the first part i was hooked.
at a friends recommendation. i started to watch this series although i
have not watched TV for 15 years or longer. just been watching house MD
online never on TV . thanks to a friend now i can not wait for episodes
to show online. there is not one flaw in this movies and i mean it.
directing is top notch, script is top notch and i don't think any one
can argue if i say acting is award deserving. i am hoping this will not
go south like so many others before it and they keep producing better
and better episodes. i have not read the books every one keeps telling
me about it but as we all know nothing can be as good as a book as
episodes have a limited amount of timing. so lets not get in to that
argument i find it stupid any one compares books to the films. as it
stands this series is a must see but not for under the age of 18 highly
recommended
"
"394" "
I had heard how amazing the books were, but never red them. When i
found out that Game of Thrones came out as a TV series, i was really
curious to start watching it. After having seen 3 episodes, i can say
that it is really interesting, and probably one of the best TV series i
have seen lately. I hope to keep this opinion for the episodes coming ,
but till now it is way better than my expectations.The scenarios is stunning, and most of the actors really good. Perhaps
the only disadvantage i noticed is that some scenes are dark, and you
can not make out clearly what is going on.This series is not suitable for ages lower than 13, but is a must (till
now) for older people that love epic movies.
"
"395" "
I have never been more impressed,with a more gripping and unforgettable
show.The characters.Plot.Action.Theme.All make me want this show to
never end.You could say this show is over-perverted,and disgusting,but
without that you would only have accented people having never-ending
dialogues over wine.I have never seen a show with more depth and
motivation in their characters.Even those who get annoying George R.R.
Martin fixes somehow.Unforgettable one liners,cool action,and ever
revolving plot,will keep you forever entertained.Unless you don't like
extremely graphic content (the shows only fault),this show will be
perfect for you!
"
"396" "
I just was a little bit doubtful when i saw that this was fantasy.
First episode and i was completely hooked. There is just so awesome
casting and the script is pure titanium. I just cant wait till my next
watching happens. I recommend this show to every one who watches series
that has clever story, awesome casting and brilliant directing. And let
my remind that this series is suited to everyone who enjoys pure
hardcore acting. I actually live in Scandinavia and I pay for watching
this movie. What more can i say watch this series, because it has very
good point concerning life. It has very good meaning and i watch every
episode all over again. Nice job. Ps. if you have extra money invest it
in Scandinavia to this series, I promise you wont regret it.
"
"397" "Add another review"
"398" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"399" "
\"Game of Thrones\" is an absorbing soap opera that combines elements of
high adventure; realistic, gritty medieval lives and mindsets; and a
touch of black magic. It is utterly clear to me that--ranging from
names of characters to detailed settings and physical artifacts--much
material is generously lifted from the likes of J. R. R. Tolkien, R. E.
Howard, C. S. Lewis, and C. A. Smith, but, just perhaps, borrowing
(inadvertently or otherwise) from the titans of sword and sorcery is
not intrinsically evil.I was just a tad disappointed to find that our coming third season is
going to rely upon zombies as a major plot contrivance: while a bit of
black magic or supernaturalism (e.g., dragons; and persons immune to
fire) is fine--even thrilling--here and there, I fear that the show
will degenerate into too much dependency upon \"Walking Dead\"-style
tactics that rank firmly among the \"been there, done that.\" Time will
tell whether my fears are (hopefully) unfounded.But I fear, most of all, that the show is popular for the wrong
reasons. Fundamentally, I have profoundly little faith in the ability
of the American populace to appreciate what is valuable in a show. I'll
be brutally frank: I don't believe the show is popular because the
characters are engaging, or because the swordplay is interesting, or
because Tyrion engages in fascinating tactics or because Joffrey is
full of sadistic surprises: I believe it's popular because characters
routinely spout the \"F\" word; characters are continually shown engaging
in frontal nudity, full-body sex (everything just short of an XXX
rating being shown)--to include both gay and lesbian sex; and
characters are routinely beheaded and tortured in full view. Indeed, I
am dead-certain that the average Joe who does, in fact, watch this with
his beer buddies does so so that he can (a) appear to be awfully mature
when a nude woman or a heterosexual full contact scene appears; (b)
demonstrate to his adolescent-minded cronies how disapproving he is
(yeah, sure) when characters engage in gay sex
(although--double-standard wise--I'm sure he'll hoot and holler when
girl-on-girl contact is featured); and (c) laugh along like one of the
tavern crowd when bawdy songs are sung or necrophiliac slogans are
shouted.Sorry, guys: the show is fantastic, but--in my ultimate opinion--much
of the popularity of \"Game of Thrones\" is due to the American
audience's fascination with sex and gore, not because of its intrinsic
excellence, which is most considerable.
"
"400" "
Anyone else love the opening credits/theme? The music is perfect, build
up is fantastic.The show - all of the characters are very well chosen --- can I say
Holy Crap - this show is good! Just watched the 4th episode, all I can
say is a very big Wow. Can't wait for the next - completely blows away
any other show running!Really is surprising how close to the story the show is staying --
virtually no TV show/movie will ever perfectly replicate the experience
of such a well written series as this, but -- this is as close as it
gets.I don't watch TV, but I watch this show.
"
"401" "
We should all be thankful that SyFy did not attempt this. From the
start this was always going to be a very difficult series to move from
page to whatever it is that they record films on these days! Having
watched the first two episodes, it is loyal to the book, no doubt due
to George RR Martin acting as a consultant. It will be pacey because
the books are so vivid and descriptive. Those that have not read the
books may well wonder what is going on and actually be inspired to read
them. A very gritty HBO drama with the usual gratuitous nudity, but
hey! Thats what we wanted isn't it? The casting of Peter Dinklage as
Tyrion Lannister is inspired and he plays the part brilliantly.
Thoroughly enjoyable and I look forward to the next episode.
"
"402" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"403" "
Spoiler Alert is only for people who have not seen the first episode.
We all had high expectations for Game of Thrones. Many have called it
the most anticipated TV Show of 2011. Well the show did not disappoint.
I went 5 minutes into that first, and was loving it. In the words of
the old man who explains golf to Marge in that episode of the Simpsons
where Homer won't stop bothering Marge, 'All it takes is one shot and
your hooked for life'. Everything about is just phenomenal. The
writing, the music, the costumes, the sets, the acting. Its all just
perfect. But probably the best thing about it is the atmosphere it
creates. The chilling moments in the beginning of the first episode
where we meet the dreaded WhiteWalkers. It makes you feel as if you are
the people on screen. HBO has really outdone itself this time, you
couldn't have asked for a better fantasy drama in the world. In short
it is gripping, dazzling, sexy and smart and is made purely out of
absolute excellence.
"
"404" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"405" "
This has to be the best book adaption of any book. The characters are
so spot on its great.The acting is fantastic, the music and atmosphere is all just spot on.I am hard pressed to tell anything specific as not everyone has read
the books.But people do need to beware, that is a dark dark gritty world its not
all polish and nice its brutal. But brutal with a great story and great
characters.I never thought tyrion would be able to be properly represented in a
film boy was I wrong.Watch this if you want something a little different then the normal
blah blah on TV and your fantasy or history lover.
"
"406" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"407" "
I'm probably in a minority in my views of the Game of Thrones, but I
have to say that it really wasn't for me. I know a lot of people who
love this programme and rate it as one of the best television shows
that they have ever watched. For this reason, I have attempted to watch
it several times and each time have found myself disinterested.I would, however, say that the acting is superb and convincing but the
characters were just too unlikeable. This, for me, is a major fault in
any TV series. Nothing about them grabbed me and for this reason, it
was doomed from the start. I also found the incestuous scenes
uncomfortable, it felt like it was intended to titillate as well as be
a part of the story, which is why I felt so much discomfort. The scene
with Daenerys being one of them (first episode) I think that the
various mise-en-scene of the Game of Thrones is amazing and I think
that the filming locations that were chosen were on point. The visuals
of this television show could have sold it to me if what was happening
was actually interesting.
"
"408" "
a. lacking cohesion : loose. b. lacking orderly continuity,
arrangement, or relevance : inconsistent (an incoherent essay) c.
lacking normal clarity or intelligibility in speech or thought.Because this fault appears to have been deliberately built in by the
screen writers and producers, possibly in order to extend the number of
seasons over which the story is to be run, I can only rate this 3/10. Without the built in incoherence, this could have lived up to it's 9+
rating.Certainly the actors deserve as much, as I believe the acting to be
superb.
"
"409" "
I was waiting to be able to watch Sean Bean in something like this
since the Return of the King. Now seeing him in such a great series as
the protagonist is simply delightful.Apart from the great acting and setting, I haven't watched a series
with so many interesting characters for a long time. You are
immediately engaged in their stories, hating the bad guys to their
guts, and know the good ones won't have it very easy.In such a well-written story, every episode is watched like a movie.
One week is too long to wait for the next one.I highly recommend this show.
"
"410" "
The acting is excellent, the character casting is perfect to hold true
to the books.The story is a bit fast, but anyone who has read the books will tell
you that it was a bit confusing reading them too. Martin creates a very
complicated world, and there are avid readers of the books, who still
wonder what the heck is going on even after reading the books.There is no clear cut explanation for a lot of things, and a lot of
things happen as they might have really happened, not as the audience
would predict them. And I promise, not as Hollywood would normally do
them. That's why this project is so big, and unique. Without spoiling, I will say that this story is extremely
unpredictable, and a lot of that comes from the confusion that Martin
creates. In the end, you will fall in love with some characters, hate
others, and misunderstand some more. But when it's finished, if it sticks true to the books, you will feel
VERY rewarded for having tuned in.--------This series seems to really separate people :) All the \"I hate this, girls are exploited, and it's crap\" people are
being absolutely hammered by fans. Book readers ALL love it. I have not
seen a single bad book reader review, anywhere, so far, ever. What book
has ever been put to big screen, where 100% of the readers absolutely
love the transition? Never. Ever. Until this.And mostly, new watchers, are intrigued, and loving it.Finally, a series that makes the \"I'm so important what I say should
matter even if I'm just looking for bad things to create controversy\"
people, have met their match.Martin for President!!
"
"411" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"412" "
This show is extremely well produced, which is something that I
appreciate...the setting and major plot lines are also quite excellent.
The problem lies in the direction these great things have been taken.
Let me first say that I have not read the books...so if you want to
argue \"it was in the books!\"; well, then my criticisms to come are of
the books too. A) While it has slowed down somewhat in season 5, the
gratuitous nudity and violence is wholly unnecessary. In most cases, it
is necessary to convey the brutality of the universe, however, a lot of
times its done as a cheap way to shock the viewer. Did we really need
that last scene of Lady Stark being gored on screen? A cut to black and
slicing sound would have been fine, but they seem to want to spit on
the good work they have done. And did we really need 8 minutes of the
queen regent walking naked? B) There are many great characters...and
while I don't like \"good always triumphs\", four of the five characters
I have really been interested have died (Tyrion being the lone
holdout). A lot of them dying just for the sake of shocking the viewer.
C) The plots are divergent and mostly interesting, but to get invested
in any of them leads straight to them getting slaughtered.
"
"413" "Add another review"
"414" "
At First I gave this series 10 out of 10 and was happy with it. Show
started strong and the at the end of 1st season I was really angry when
they killed NED like they did!! But it was OK I mean I was waiting to
see some pay back as they(Wolf and company) were no sheep, Wolf will
hit back somehow. Following season was some more disappointment in
terms of my aspirations lol(Robb dead and others in following season
-Oberyn, stannis etc). Well still there were some sparks that made me
feel that there is still some hope and things will change but NO!!!
There are so many reasons people liked the show at First but then the
way it is going I really don't want to watch that. Bran and Arya Stark
is left who are very young and Sansa I hate that girl lol, I wish they
killed her instead!! Tyrion is a very good and interesting character
who is left other than Starks. But rest all i was rooting for are dead.
Not that its anybody's fault or am blaming them for anything but I
don't want to watch a TV show and get angry every time at the end of
every season and wait to get furthermore disappointment. Only few
things to enjoy and many things to annoy is the crux of this Series!!!
I don't care about that Dragon born girl Dany, or other lannisters, or
Tyrells and other such kind of houses. Devious and cheaters do win but
not all the time! SO something is wrong here. It has tuned into those
kind of shows which are so sad all the time and joyful rarely. I am not
a hater but they took my joy away and I really don't like Game of
Thrones now. Am not here to watch cersie and Tyrells playing house, or
Bolton Bastard doing tortures and stuff. Dumb night watcher killing Jon
snow. Its so sad every time this series progresses. Some people might
like that kind of stuff but I will rather play counter strike or
Football or listen music. Anyway I posted this so if anyone just don't
wanna see good guys die all the time over and over They can read this
and stay away lol :P
"
"415" "
So, this started like most HBO crap: lots of blood, \"in your face\"
nudity to remind you why you pay the extra instead of settling for the
basic cable package, and sex more sleazy than the average Hustler vid.Except that the women of Thrones aren't \"amazing\". They look like what
the porn industry throws on the \"amateur\" flicks. And thats WITH the
make-up. The sex was boring; there's more chemistry in a math class
than on these sets. And the fighting and blood were clearly done by
someone that hasn't seen combat or held any of those weapons or armor. Oh, and the gay pandering is so blatant, Im surprised it isn't being
boycotted. Im serious, until season 5 they cant do an episode without
grinding your face in gay sex. It seems like the few rare scenes that
Don't involve homosexual sex in some way are the incest scenes. I've
heard of \"blaxploitation\" as a category, but what do we call this?
\"gaysploitation\"? \"homosploitation\"? Should it be more insultive, as
the \"blax\" is, to show contempt for the disrespect it does to the
minority pandered to?I guess the \"kill a named character every two episodes\" mantra actually
comes from the books, which is all the more reason not to read the
books, to me. If I want some pompous jackwagon that spends 2 pages
introducing me to the character just to immediately kill off said
character, I'll go back to Victorian authors like dickens, who were
paid by the letter, rather than for content. We're in season 5, and the only character left from the beginning that
you might care about is Ari. The screen-writers have gotten so
desperate Cersi is naked. I realize there's an audience for middle-aged
women with buzz-cuts getting pelted with garbage and sewage, I just
figured it was mostly centralized in German fetishism, not HBO
\"mainstream\" audience. Or maybe the two are really one and the same?The only central plots across the seasons are \"winter is coming\",
because apparently in this world that doesn't happen every year? IDK,
they never address why its so important that seasons, ya know, change
and stuff... Oh, and the other is, \"if you do good, your gonna get
screwed\". Every character that tries to \"do the right thing\", or act
good, whether in character or not, pays for it. And in GoT, there's
only one way you pay: death. Often with a little creepy-border-line
rapey-time as well, especially in the later seasons.Do yourself a favor. If you want to watch porn, watch porn. If you want
to watch TV, watch TV. Avoid this hybrid abortion.
"
"416" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"417" "
awesome casting choice, check. annoying characters that are still worth
watching, check, awesome acting, check. perfect story, absolutely! arya
stark, check, do i really need to say more?! everything is just
arranged perfectly, some people might think killing some of the main
characters is utter lunacy, but i think its fun. they are in the middle
of a bloody war, lots of death is just proof that no one, and i mean no
one, is safe. besides, the characters are so awesome that the viewers
can draw a lot of comfort from the the fact that there's still a lot of
other awesome characters to love once some of them die. game of thrones
is certainly one of the best TV series ever. i give it a perfect 10
score.
"
"418" "
To be honest I haven't watched especially many shows in my life, TV has
never really been my cup of tea. But I still believe that Game of
Thrones has to be the best show airing right now, there is no way that
any other show could reach this level of awesomeness.The best part of Game of Thrones are the characters, although there are
so many of them that at times it is hard to remember all their names.
However, they are all very unique and the actors portraying them do it
really well, it is very hard imagining someone else than Peter Dinklage
playing the role of Tyrion. The atmosphere is very varied during the different parts of the show,
we have the political intrigues in Kings Landing, the great battles and
the supernatural elements.Game of Thrones compiles everything great with all the previous fantasy
films and shows, mashes them together to form something truly unique.
The epicness of the Lord of the Rings franchise and the realism and
darkness of Pan's Labyrinth. The fact that it is made for adults is
probably its greatest strength when compared to other fantasy shows or
movies made in the last 5-10 years. It is not full of CGI, the show is
very graphic when it comes to language/nudity/violence and it gives a
lot of time for character development. The show is also very unpredictable, the characters are never far from
being killed off, something that separates it from most other
shows/movies in the fantasy genre. I would recommend this series to anyone interested in fantasy, politics
or general awesomeness but beware, this is not for the light hearted!
Having watched all four seasons, I gladly give this 10/10.
"
"419" "
First i must warn you i'm a book-fan and could be biased in this
review.Since i've read books first, i've eagerly awaited this show and
followed it from the start of the production, with inside views,
teasers and trailers and all i can say it's - great. Although i was
skeptical ahead of the first season, my fears were without reason, HBO
did great job with it, and all i can hope for is that they'll continue
doing it in next season(s).One thing has to be pointed out, story is very complex, with a lot of
details, something you cannot transfer to the screen easily. Series
lack certain information and it'll be obvious even to common viewer
that it's only the tip of the ice berg, and hopefully he/she will get
interested in a books. That's a plus, as you can only enrich your
viewing experience by reading the books (and books have re-read value
as well, just then you get all the smaller hints author has weaved in
the story). So, in that matter, series cannot entirely reflect the
books, but it's one of the best adaptations i've ever seen.Second, cast has been amazingly done, from young and perspective Maisie
Williams who is a total discovery to me, to already proved Sean Bean or
Peter Dinklage. There're only few roles in which i would cast different
actors, and neither of it is main character. Jerome Flynn (Bronn) has
made his character even better (or should i say \"more notable\") then in
the books, totally my vision of it.As authors of the series had great story to tell us, cast has been
magnificent as well and costumes and CGI effects were fine at least, i
cannot find a reason to give smaller mark here. First season (book) was
just introduction to the world of Westeros and it's people and i can
only hope series will keep it's quality in the future. With that said, i'll point out few things i didn't liked. First, and
the biggest, is absolute absence of battles. There were two important
ones in first season and we haven't seen anything of it. Not that it
bothers me at current stage, but later on battles will be integral part
of the storyline and HBO won't be able to avoid it. I know it's to
lower the cost, but that would reduce the quality and make harm to the
series in my opinion. Second is small number of episodes, so most of
the scenes are hasted. That's especially obvious in \"important\" scenes
which should be given more screen time, when there's no time at all.
I'm well aware it's budget problem, and if there's place for
improvement, then that's budget. Raise it and series will get even
better. Third, and last, is absence of flashbacks to the period of time
before Robert ruled. That period is important and i thought it'll get
some time, but they've decided to totally remove it from first season,
hopefully in second season it'll change and we'll get to see how House
Targaryen got to rule, and some Lyanna Stark flashbacks too.With more episodes series could be even more improved, adding more
depth to story and characters, but even if it keeps it's current level
it's already my personal favorite fantasy series out there. If you want
to get more insight to the Westeros world you'll need to read the
books, but even without it you get the picture and can enjoy the best
and most accurate book adaption there is.
"
"420" "
I thought Tudors and Rome were going to be almost impossible to top.
Camelot has been attempting to make an attempt. It passes the time.Game Of Thrones has me wanting more each week in the same way \"The
Wire\" did. The multi-threaded story lines, terrific writing and acting,
Lord of the Rings-like fantasy but remaining serious enough to get your
anxiety up about what happens next.HBO - promote the person who greenlit this. You have enough story to
run several seasons. Including a big screen 2 or 3 part, (each part 2+
hours) movie to cover the pre-stories before Game of Thrones starts.
Let's see how the Dragons were used, Let's see how Kahl came to be
Leader, Let's see the battles of Jamie Lannister, .... HBO, you could
spend the next 10 years on this story if you want.Its awesome. Well done!
"
"421" "
Although I am a fan of fantasy stories (LOTR, Earthsea) I must say I
have never heard of \"a song of ice and fire\" on which game of Thrones
is based. For the moment I am glad I didn't, it makes the series just
the more compelling not knowing what comes next, because so far it is
one of the best TV series i've ever seen. From the brilliant opening
sequence (with Ramin Djawadi's beautiful music) to the great acting,
some very memorable evil characters and especially the unpredictability
of the story, I for the moment have no clue where it all will end, a
bit of the Lord of Rings with a pinch of the Sopranos, very refreshing
indeed.
"
"422" "
Being a big fan of George R. R. Martin's \"A Song of Ice and Fire\"
series, I had very high hopes when I heard that HBO were turning it
into a T.V series, and was expecting to be disappointed. As it turned
out, disappointment didn't even cross my mind whilst watching the first
episode.Two episodes shown so far and \"Game of Thrones\" is already in my top 10
T.V shows of all time.The acting is superb, with no actor/actress delivering an
unsatisfactory performance - they stay completely loyal to the
characters George R. R. Martin created, and the results are always
fantastic. The dialog and attitudes of each character are very typical
of a medieval fantasy series, which shows that the actors and
developers alike have managed to perfectly capture the atmosphere of
such a time and place. The setting is exactly as I imagined it would be after reading the
books published so far, with the Haunted Forest being particularly
unsettling at the start of episode 1. So, top marks for that as well.The effects used are never over-the-top, which I always like to see in
either a movie or T.V show, as some movies have to rely solely on good
visuals to win over an audience (Avatar springs to mind here...).Perhaps the best thing about the T.V show yet is how loyal it remains
to the first book of the series. Every important scene, and some of the
great witty remarks of certain characters, are played out to great
effect exactly as they are written. The one thing that the T.V show
does NOT remain loyal to is the age of the Stark children, Lannister
children and of Dany. However, this is perfectly understandable, due to
some of the scenes the children are involved in (no spoilers, but
suffice it to say, they are pretty shocking at times, particularly in
Dany's case).All in all, I have to give \"Game of Thrones\" 10 out of 10, but not just
because I am a huge fan of the book series; because it is a superb
show, with excellent acting, a great realistic atmosphere, terrific
sets... and it manages to remain loyal to its written counterpart
amidst all the inspiring greatness.
"
"423" "
Besides the very interesting and complex story the landscape is
fantastic, the costumes impressing and detailed. The actors are first
rate and the story is not for the faint of heart. Definitely no
children's book! The special effects are very good for a TV show and
they don't overdo it. I never saw anything like it and I'm glad that
for once I did not read the books first, which can be a bummer if you
have a vivid imagination and the director has a different one. The High
Definition makes every detail stand out beautifully, even too detailed
for some scenes. For example the little girl's rapier, named 'Needle'
has a clearly visible round security tip at the supposedly pointy end,
which is the only complaint I have.:-)
"
"424" "
I have now watched the first 3 episodes of what will maybe be known in
the future as the Season 1 of the Game of Thrones TV mini-series - or,
if fate would have it, the \"Game of Thrones\" season of the \"Song of Ice
and Fire\" series.Yes, i do hope that all the books will be brought to life on the small
screen, because the first episodes have been enjoyable to watch.When I finished the last book of the series written so far, i felt..
sad. A truly wonderful experience had ended, and the words just
stopped, never again forming into new adventures, but instead staying
the same on the pages. But now, we are given a new, somewhat
compressed, but nevertheless enjoyable way of reliving the story. With
no changes to make it a different tale, but instead with something
extra - a new dimension of faces, places and voices. Its a bit like
looking through an old picture album with pictures from the good old
days - the memories, the fantasy is your own, the pics are just there
to help you remember. Only that in this case, all the pictures might
not be exactly as you remember them..Well, in my head, Ned was more noble-looking, Kings Landing never as
sunny and Catelyn Stark younger. These self-made constructs are however
fading and being replaced by the characters on the screen. Im willing
to sacrifice that for the reward of enjoying the good old story one
more time, anew.And by the way, Tyrion is just perfect!
"
"425" "Add another review"
"426" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"427" "
I came across this show today while browsing the internet for general
fantasy films. During this search, I came across the books this series
is based on, then I saw the reference to this show, which I immediately
watched. I had no prior knowledge of this show, hadn't seen
commercials, nothing. There was no \"hype\" for me.But as a fantasy genre fan, I absolutely love this show so far. I
haven't read the books so I don't know how close the adaptation follows
the original story.I have read lots of reviews and many rave just as I am, but I also read
some negative reviews. Mostly, I was wanting to know how other people
felt about all the incest in the show. I noticed that this is not
mentioned by anyone! People are talking about the \"sex and violence,\"
but don't really say what it is that probably bothers them. Like to
even acknowledge the incest, may make one suspect to liking it or
something? Anyway, there is incest in this show and lots of it. Maybe
the people that read the books are numb to that or something, but it is
in abundance. I'm really shocked that people are pretending to not
notice this because I'm sure, since it's a major part of the story,
that the incest is what is making this show such a huge hit. It's a bit
controversial, hence some calling it more \"adult.\" I would agree, but
one could be more specific. The violence is nothing you've never seen
before, but it's good. There is some female nudity that is just
unnecessary sometimes as if they are doing it just because they can.
That's probably the only thing that may be a little irritating, but
it's certainly not so 'chocked full of sex that it's unwatchable' or
even comparable to porn. I think this is why reading reviews can be sometimes confusing or
complicating because things are not clarified or not too specific. To
further add, I think those that were distracted by the sex enough to
not like the show, may have blushed/were offended during one of the
abundant incest scenes. As for the people that loved it, the incest is
a vital part of the story and I wish people would be more comfortable
with pointing that out for the rest of us. Good show.
"
"428" "
Firstly, to dispel the views of many a reviewer, I am not a fan boy of
either fantasy nor the books from which this television series are
adapted from.Secondly, I would like to spend a paragraph addressing the views on
violence and nudity. I cannot for the life of me understand the
accusations of sexually explicit content and hideous violence being
completely unfounded, doing nothing for the show. In that accusation
alone you disprove your claim. By admitting your repulsion, you have
simultaneously admitted that the tone and setting have worked
perfectly. You are supposed to be repulsed. You are meant to think
these scenes are common place, and against your will or not, they
absolutely do add to the tone that the writer was attempting to
achieve. A time of different morals, casual exploitation, and a world
where men rule and women are objects. This only makes the leading
female characters of the show all the more enthralling when they
dominate a scene and act as a catalyst for huge plot twists. Joffrey's
mother is a constant schemer and her character contrasts perfectly with
the \"hundreds\" of naked women on screen (a gross over-exaggeration).To comment on the violence and nudity in such a manner only depicts to
a viewer like myself that this show, simply put, does not adhere
perfectly to your tastes. Personally, without the violence and adult
themes, this show really would be about as gritty as silky knickers.
Grow up and accept the fact that in this day an age, you cannot get the
budget to produce an adult-aimed TV show and omit violence. Where it
differs from Lord of the Rings is that it attempts to at least partly
set itself against the back drop of the notoriously gritty middle ages.
What were you expecting? Fairy's? Every single act of violence serves
to remind you that this is a vicious age. It comes from all characters,
sometimes feeling forced, sometimes feeling gratuitous. More often than
not however, it comes from the characters who themselves love violence
(the hound, Joffrey etc...) Given the sheer volume of plots, sub-plots,
characters and material to process, I think you are being completely
unreasonable expecting some critic friendly genius masterpiece that
equals the sopranos for complexity and realistic drama. The sopranos is
set in a real city, in the current age, don't be so ridiculous as to
cast the same eye over these two shows.I saw a review whereby somebody had watched \"6 minutes\" and dismissed
it as drivel. You honestly expect somebody to take your review
seriously!? It is without doubt a slow burner, the characters are not
given enough screen time per episode... maybe because it is an hour
long and there are 7 divisions of character to depict. Rest assured
early viewer, the characters screen time will add up by the second
series. You will begin to understand in greater detail the motives and
development of them, and if you can stomach the odd bit of violence and
sex- hell, if you are even enough of a shameful human being to actually
enjoy these things on screen (as I am) then you WILL love this show,
you will appreciate its place on the television today, and you will
ignore the opinionated television snobs who have watched two episodes
and feel it necessary to moan about the adult content, on an adult
themed TV show. Don't watch it, don't give a review on it. I have never
felt it necessary to watch sex in the city, I know it does not appeal
to my taste. If I did, I would comment that it is shameful rubbish that
warps the minds of human beings far more than an epic fantasy drama set
a thousand years ago does. But I don't, because it is not a show that
is MEANT to appeal to me. It is not made for people like me.Game of thrones is well worth a chance. I gave it a chance and I do not
regret it.
"
"429" "
No matter how good something is (and no matter how terrible)<U+0085> you
always have a small group of people who will disagree with the
majority. Even when a show like Game of Thrones comes along there are
still people who will inexplicably give it one star reviews. That's
just nuts. Myself, I hate generic brainless TV shows like CSI but,
being fair I think I would rate CSI Miami five out of ten. It's
ridiculous tosh, but it's still has some positive elements to it. One
of the fundamental problems with IMDb is people vote in an almost
political way by unfairly giving a movie or TV show one star or for
that matter ten stars, in an attempt to lower or raise the overall
score. I thought of giving Game of thrones a nine because I very rarely
ever give anything a ten. But then, despite not being perfect, it is
one of the best and possibly most important TV series ever made. For me the Sopranos is currently the most important TV show of my
generation. Not just because it was great, but because every episode
had the production values of a high budget movie. It made people
realise that TV can not only be as good as a movie, but it can actually
be better due the fact that you only spend ninety minutes with the
characters of most movies as opposed to perhaps ten hours to the
average HBO series. Then there's also the unscrupulous nature of
Hollywood and it's grab the cash and run policies. A TV series gives
you the time needed for a complex plot to unravel and to actually care
about three dimensional and detailed characters as in a book. How many
movies have failed to live up to the greatness of a book? I would argue
most of them. Cloud Atlas being a recent example of a novel failing to
have the same impact on the big screen. Even the Lord of the Rings saga
(which I still think are great) look suddenly dated and thin when put
side by side with Game of Thrones. Even with the extended editions,
Peter Jackson and his team struggled to fit everything in. Despite
plenty of positive changes, Lord of the Rings contained plenty of silly
Hollywood 'additions'. I'm talking of things like Legolas doing some
shield surfing in the battle of Helm's Deep. There's no shield surfing
in Game of thrones. If anybody tried to mount a shield and surf it down
some steps in battle there would be someone like Sandor Clegane to
grimly cut his head off and stick it on a spike for trying to be a
smart arse. So Game of Thrones is important<U+0085> really important. It obviously has a
large budget, that whilst not as high as Hollywood blockbuster, is
still sufficient to make every episode look movie quality and to bring
in an accomplished ensemble cast. You may never have heard of plenty of
them. But they can certainly show some of those overpaid Hollywood
A-listers a thing or two.So what's so good? - Well we have a great cast from Sean Bean, Peter
Dinklage, Liam Cunnigham, Michelle Fairley, Aiden Gillen, James Cosmo
to name but a few. These may not be household names but you will
recognise many faces and perhaps all the better for not being pampered
A-listers. Sean Bean seems like he was born to play Ned Stark. I said
that of him when he played Sharpe. But hey, he plays a grim northerner
really well.- We have great costumes, sets and backdrops which bring the world of
Westeros to life in ways I wouldn't have thought possible. One minute
we are the miserable frozen north, the next we are in beautiful sunny
climes of Kings Landing. - The series sticks close to the books and
doesn't deviate for 'a larger audience' or try to simply the complex
and deviating plot. There's some simplifying here and there as the plot
is so complex and often confusing it requires is when being condensed
from such huge novels. - There are no good guys and bad guys, everyone
is a shade of grey (Except for queen Cersei<U+0085> She's a wench!) But the
story is not the same old generic nonsense that Hollywood, and TV
companies around the world churn out again and again and again. This is
actually trying to be, you know, different. Further, allies and friends
on all sides or unreliable depending which way they the wind is
blowing. - Characters develop throughout the story dramatically. It's
hard not to go into detail and give away spoilers. But for better or
worse all of the characters go through a lot and we feel like we've
been through it with them. Just look at Jaime Lanister from series one
and then at the end of series three. It looks like a different actor is
playing him. - It can have a massive emotional impact of you life!
Again, not to reveal any spoilers but there are some dramatic moments.
I'm not the kind of person to usually let it bother me. But after some
episodes I have felt greatly affected by the events on screen to the
characters I have come to like so much. Season three has just ended a
couple of weeks ago and I still feel a little emotional looking back at
recent events. - There are some legendary characters, quotes, places...
the list goes on. The word's of Game of Thrones have officially blasted
their way into popular culture. - The soundtrack is brilliant. Ramin
Djawadi has produced some of the finest classical music in years.So, if you've made it all the way here, well done and thanks for
reading. Now, Seven Hells, go and watch Game of Thrones for the night
is dark and full of terrors.
"
"430" "
This is the first time I have watched something cinematic, and been so
blown away that I had to read the books. FIRST TIME. EVAR.Normally you read the books, and then you watch the movie and you're so
disappointed, right? Not this time.I watched the series and was amazed. I went out and bought all the
books immediately, and finished them in a couple of weeks. ALL 5 BOOKS.Basically, the series entails struggles between the bourgeoisie of the
kingdom of Westeros. It's a relatively new country (notice how I said
relative?) and the story mainly focuses on the family of Starks. There
is an overarching battle brewing, involving strange creatures from the
north. However, the threats are frustratingly ignored due to all the
tensions within the kingdom.The story is realistic, and gives the each of the characters astounding
depth. It has twists and turns that literally make you gasp and flip
out. There is sex and gore, and to be honest, I like the sex and gore.
The show has enough that it makes it realistic. In fact, it's the most
realistic killings that I've seen. Ever. If you stab a guy through his
jugular with a lance, yes blood is going to come spurting out. Yes,
it's in medieval times. People have sex for kicks, and there are
prostitutes. DEAL WITH IT. The best part is that the show had just the
right amount of it, without using it as a crutch. The characters are portrayed so beautifully. That's the only thing I
can really say. Basically, you'll love it.And this is coming from a teenage girl who does not even look like she
reads fantasy, much less watches it, or talks about it.
"
"431" "
After sitting down and watching the whole season in one sitting, I
truly experienced something deeply engrossing, highly emotional, filled
with dark plot twists, fantastic visuals, and storytelling of epic
proportions.Watching the whole season in one sitting blows most comparative movies
out of the water, this is masterful cinema at it's finest.Huge character development, on top of some of the best acting
performances I've ever seen. From the lead characters to the peasants,
wanderers, and barbarians every role in the whole show is excellent.
Which I think adds vastly to it's depth. The scenery, the environment,
the atmosphere - awe inspiring, breathless, and at times just magical.This is by far the top TV series, the only thing I can see topping this
anytime soon, is season 2. Which trust me, can't come soon enough.
After this 10 hour marathon, I could probably watch another 50 hours
straight. It's that engrossing, and with the way they left the ending
of season one with so many questions unanswered and the plot
developing, the second season should be even more amazing.
"
"432" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"433" "
This is easily the most overrated television program in history. It is
the Forrest Gump of TV: a bunch of assorted vignettes, shot using
actors who (on the whole) lack any notable prowess, and then
haphazardly forced together with minimal connective substance, all with
the intent to quickly evoke and dispel fleeting and superficial
emotional responses from an audience whose attention span is about as
long as your average commercial advertisement. No scene is particularly
visually stunning, no storyline is particularly compelling, and not
much of the dialog is particularly well-written.If good film making allows the viewer to be drawn in to empathize with
characters and fully experience each scene, Game of Thrones is a
nightmare. It's difficult to make sense of the overall experience of
the characters or really feel much of anything because Game of Thrones
is such a desensitizing roller coaster. For instance, the show reached
a point where the writers had to kill off nearly the entire family of
protagonists because they couldn't find any meaningful plot twist they
hadn't already used. This heavy-handed amateurism rewards the voyeurs
and sensationalists at the cost of desensitizing everyone else to any
events that could still evoke an emotional response.Yes, there are a ton of characters and story lines. But, every
character seems generic, because there's not enough time spent on any
character in particular. Yes, there are many layers to the story. But,
no, none of the story lines are very deep, nor do they demonstrate the
patient hand required of a great writer or director. Why is this the
highest-rated thing I've ever seen on IMDb? I struggle to make sense of
this.The only insight I can glean from listening to the people that
religiously watch this show is that the fantasy elements of Game of
Thrones bring in the Lord of the Rings Crowd, the Marvel Comics crowd,
people who are happy with whatever schlock you throw in their face as
long as it has to do with something mythical or a super hero. These are
the people that made The Avengers one of the most successful movies of
all time - despite the fact that the only good acting in the entire
movie comes from Robert Downey, Jr. These are the people that keep
Scarlett Johansson employed - despite the fact that she isn't really
good at ANYTHING, whether acting, stage fighting acrobatics, being
likable, OR even just looking pretty on film.Game of Thrones is essentially an amalgam of The Tudors and Spartacus
with mildly better acting and effects. If you can't accept that, go
make another stupid meme or internet game about it.
"
"434" "
Let me first state that I have not read the books, so any and all of my
opinions are solely based on this series.So, what do I think of it? Well, to be honest I think it is the best TV
series I have ever seen in my currently 33 years of life! I admit that
I might be a little biased as I usually have a thing for the \"fantasy\"
genre, but I guarantee that anyone who feels that way will absolutely
love this. I have only seen up to episode 6 as of this review, and I
will not make any comments about the characters or the story, as I do
not want to introduce any spoilers, but so far the quality of this
series (in everything) is just breathtaking. I could not be happier!
"
"435" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"436" "
It has begun! The much touted HBO miniseries A GAME OF THRONES arrived
with Episode 1, and though the entire series cannot be judged on one
episode, this initial hour has all the promise of an involving and
visually stunning adaptation of the 1996 George R.R. Martin series of
books of adult fantasy fiction titled 'A Song of Ice and Fire'. The
'game' is played by seven families - Stark, Lannister, Baratheon,
Greyjoy, Tully, Arryn, and Tyrell - and what we find in the initial
episode is a taste of the intrigue to come. In this first episode Lord Eddard Stark (Sean Bean) is the patriarch of
House Stark, one of the major noble houses of the Seven Kingdoms of
Westeros and ancestral rulers of the North. Near the castle of
Winterfell, Eddard's children discover a dead direwolf and five of its
pups still alive. As the direwolf is the symbol of the Starks, Eddard
allows each of his five children to keep one of the pups as pet. A
sixth pup is discovered a short distance away from the others. It is a
mute albino, and this one is given to Jon Snow (Kit Harington), the
bastard son of Lord Eddard Stark. King Robert Baratheon (Mark Addy) ,
Eddard's childhood friend, journeys to Winterfell with his family to
ask Eddard to become Hand of the King, the top adviser and military
commander in the realm, due to the death of the previous Hand, Lord Jon
Arryn. Eddard's wife, Catelyn Stark (Michelle Fairley), receives a
letter from her sister Lysa Arryn, stating that Jon Arryn's death was a
murder plotted by Queen Cersei (Lena Headey) and her powerful family,
the Lannisters. Though reluctant to leave his duties and family, Eddard
is convinced by his wife to accept the position in order to investigate
Jon Arryn's death. Eddard's middle son Bran Stark (Isaac
Hempstead-Wright) is engaging in climbing Winterfell castle's walls and
towers accidentally sees Queen Cersei and her twin brother Jaime
Lannister (Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau) having incestuous relations. To
protect their secret affair, Jaime throws the boy out of a tower
window. Where the story goes form here will follow throughout the
remaining episodes. Though some would criticize an early report on a series merely at its
inception, it seems only fitting that offering a word on encouragement
to pay attention to this new series is warranted. We can only hope that
the series continues to build as it progresses. The cast is filled with
excellent actors, both seasoned and refreshingly new. Grady Harp
"
"437" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"438" "
To start with, I read the books once only, got into it thanks to my
friend(bless him) and when I learned that TV show is being made by HBO
we all cheered, since we always said it is impossible to convert this
epic story into a 2 and a half hour movie.To start the review now.The Hand of the King Jon Arryn mysteriously died at the Capitol of the
Seven Kingdoms, making King Robert Baratheon travel to the most
northern region of the Seven Kingdoms to its capitol Winterfell to ask
his loyal friend Eddard ''Ned'' Stark to become his next Hand of the
King.The Prologue, although not faithful enough to the book(yes i personally
thought Prologue was the best part of first book) is done good enough
for audience to hook it up thinking who the hell are those things.The introduction of all the characters is done great, establishing some
of relations quite well and subtle.The Music is average, but it will not interfere with the whole show if
it will be done the same as in first episode, The visual is stunning
enough to suck you into show.The characters are well acted and nailed most of the book characters
and their core. There are some minor relationship changes but its very
close to the book.The newcomers will have to be patient and not give up to soon since the
amount of characters and story lines might feel overwhelming but don't
give up stay and a magical world of Westeros will come to life infront
of your own eyes Conclusion: A Dark Fantasy world, full of realistic
stories, at its best. A book in motion almost. The spirit of the story
is mainly captured.Overall Score: 9
"
"439" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"440" "
The little guy makes the show. The dude is an absolute savage and he
deserves his own spin off. Remember I wrote this when my little homie
gets his own spin off titled \"When The Little Guy Becomes The Big Guy\"
Seriously, I really enjoy his character and not only is he one heck of
a drinker but he really knows how to get the job done. His brother who
would be arrested if this took place in the United States would be
arrested because he was sleeping with his sister is pretty chill too.
Hes a good person, he just made some mistakes along the way. I mean
lets be real in the first 2-3 seasons his sister was pretty hot. Before
she shaved her hair, but even with the buzz cut shes still a solid 7
like this review! Now the sister she doesn't have great luck with kids,
her oldest - my god. And the youngest, he took a dive from the top of
the tower. Great scene and was a very exciting moment for the show.
Great job from the producers.Lets hop over to the main star here, Jon Snow. What a legend he was. I
say WAS, because he DIED! He died, come on we all saw it. He laid there
for like a full year until the new season came on. You don't just get
to be dead for a full year and then come back and live your life. I
truly feel this show paints the wrong picture to viewers. Viewers need
to know, you don't get to get stabbed multiple times, play dead for a
year and then just randomly wake up. WAKE UP PEOPLE, its not real! So many people in this show and hard to keep track of. If I can make
one suggestion to the director it would be to rename the characters.
Just start from scratch, get rid of their crazy names and just use
names like Jeff, Tom, Linda, Mary. I think we can all agree on that? Lastly I will leave off with Kalisi or however you spell it. Shes
great, truly an angel. If I have to make a prediction about this show
is that Kalisi is the last one standing and she becomes an angel and
floats in to the heavens above and sits next to the Lord and Savior. One more prediction - The older Stark daughter kills Jon. Later bro!Oooohhhh and lastly - Hodo was a waste of space. The guy couldn't even
talk! Hes a monster and he just takes up space. Good Riddance!Good show, I recommend it. Plan to binge watch.
"
"441" "Add another review"
"442" "
Lots of points for production design: the costumes are uniformly
magnificent, from the lowest peasant to the highest king. The sets get
a tad monotonous after a while: big, colonnaded halls of dark beige and
grey and lots of oversized statuary, but even those can be breathtaking
in their own way. The CG work just gets better and better with each
season: tighter, cleaner, more layered and intricate. Many of the
performances are quite good, even after six years, and the photography
is outstanding.That's the good stuff.The bad? OK, I\"m halfway through season 6, binge-watching the DVDs, and
the sins of the series are becoming so obvious that the writers are in
real need of a walk of atonement. Having not read the books, I don't
know how closely they're adhering to them at this point <U+0097> or if indeed
they even are anymore, since I understand much of this season was
planned in expectation of the next book which Martin has yet to finish.
But increasingly, each episode is a combination of (1) some characters
wandering around the countryside in the snow, (2) some characters
getting killed off for no particular reason, and (3) one really big
CG-laden scene somewhere towards the end to keep you coming back to see
what happens next.My biggest complaint with GOT S1 was that it felt like the old TV show
\"Dynasty\" with a lot of fur costumes: lots of rich, powerful people
going after each other in a somewhat pointless way. S2-4 gave it a bit
of a rise above that, but S5 and (thus far) S6 have almost completely
reverted to type: Fantasy Soap Opera with Furs. At this point, I'm not
sure why the show has lasted this long: the story lines seem to be
running on auto-pilot. There hasn't been much with the same visceral
impact as the Red Wedding. By now I would have hoped to see at least
something of where the series hopes to wind up, but instead it's just
wandering in the snow.I understand that it's been contracted for two more seasons. I'm
starting to wonder if any of the major characters will even be left by
then, that perhaps they're bringing it to a close because no one will
be left alive to sit on the stupid Iron Throne. That would be almost as
disappointing as the ending of LOST, but at this point, certainly not
outside the realm of possibility.
"
"443" "
HBO... oh, HBO- going with the 'Limited Series'\" to maximize profit.
They have bailed on some really promising shows, which leads me to
believe that their cheaper offerings of 'Now', and 'Go' have bitten
them in the ass! I feel the password-sharing era shall come to a close
very soon. (ala Netflix). These 'Higher-Ups' have crazy
visions/observations of where shows should go based on their tastes at
any given moment. And there are obviously money issues going on, which
leads me to believe that these 'Limited Series' deals will lessen their
accountability in those upper-echelon positions. Eh, Capitalism...
Winter is here for major cable.
"
"444" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"445" "
God of is known for the characters and the story, plots. But in this
season I have seen a lot of special effects. Like people being
teleported from scene to another scene. Like in old westerns the
cavalry just arrives on time. I think the idea is that the Starks are
the underdog's. But getting hundred's of people killed to become the
queen of Winterfell what is the difference of Ceserie bombing the Sept.
Which direction will next season take, fantasy, super hero, a soap. I
was a bit disappointed this season, its better than than most other
shows. But from GOT I had expected more. The story line of Araya Stark,
a girl blah blah blah, a easy why for the writers the eliminate
someone. But not for the story.
"
"446" "
TV shows I rated 10 are extremely rare, I could count them on one hand.
And this is one of them. Excellent crew did this based on fantastic
book and in cooperation with original writer... I do not want to
compare this show with anything else because it is beyond any
comparing, but speaking only about its quality, this is for TV world
what Lord of the Rings is for movies. I doubt anyone will top this any
time soon. New books are not out yet, and they decided not to wait for it, so
series are ahead of the books now. I did not watch the latest season
yet, and I see many bad impressions and comments on web, but even if
they really did lousy job on this last season, previous 5 seasons are
so good that last one can not spoil average grade below 10/10.I must admit, I did not see famous Breaking Bad yet, so I can not be
100% sure, but for me this is the very best TV show ever made.I am not writing about it's contents, there is more than enough
spoilers all around the web, so no need for me to add some more. Thou,
I do not understand all that noise and complaining about spoilers,
especially if movie/series is based on famous book. In my opinion, you
should always read the book before you watch it on TV, and if you did
it then you already know most of what you'll see, so complaining about
spoilers is ridiculous. And believe me, even if it is not always the
case, in this case you really SHOULD READ THE BOOKS FIRST. It is
impossible to put all those thousands of pages in TV show, and reading
the books will allow you much better understanding of what you see and
you will enjoy the show much much more. I'm not saying that the books
are better. Not this time. Both are great in its own way. But show will
hypnotize you even deeper if you read the books first.
"
"447" "
For those who don't know by now The Game of Thrones on HBO is a TV
adaption of George R.R. Martin's books, a Song of Ice and Fire.If you've never read or watched fantasy and you hate the genre you
should give A Game of Thrones a Chance anyway Because Unlike most
fantasy Books and shows this isn't packed with magic and magical
creatures expect for the \"others\" and one or two other creatures this
Series is more like a Drama/Thriller with plenty of backstabbing,double
and triple crosses the political intrigue will leave you wanting more
and more.for those who think the story line is too complex it shouldn't be it's
actually quite simple and clean.yes there are a lot of characters to keep up with but once you've
watched the first season you will slide into to it comfortably.only advice I can give someone who is watching for the first time is to
start with season 1 episode 1 because you will be lost if you don't.PS:I would try not to get too attached to any \"one\" character. In other
words try and pick out four or five to be your favorite......
"
"448" "
The TV series is one of the best i have seen in a long time. I have
read all the books in the Fire and Ice Series and the TV series remains
true to the books in most parts. Not disappointed one bit. My favorite
character in the series is Tyrion Lannister and Peter Dinklage plays
the character to the hilt. Me a little disappointed that George R R
Martin does not belt out books as fast as i would want him to. But i
guess it takes a lot of effort to come up with story of this magnitude
and imagination. The story gets better as narrative continues. What is
most fascinating about the story is the contrast in behaviour,attitude,
morals of the different central characters example:Arya Stark and Sansa
Stark.Nobody is good or bad they are just different shades of grey ,
some closer to white like Lord Eddard Stark and some closer to black
like Jamie Lanister. Waiting/watching how HBO will out do itself in the
next season.
"
"449" "
I am out of words for this series. This is the best that was ever made
and I am saying that after I have watched almost all of the high rated
sitcoms. I loved FRIENDS but nothing come close enough to this George
R.R. Martin masterpiece. It open your eyes and makes you realize the
truth of Kingdom era in almost any part of the world. The world is full
of shrewd, mean politics, people filled with lust and twisted loves. It
may sound cynical to few but in spite of being classified as a Fiction,
nothing can better depict the true human nature. I am loving this
series so much that I started reading the novel from season 2 onwards
and found that the book is even more intriguing than the series itself
(as is the case with almost all of the great novels). Still I can't
wait for season 3 and watching what I read in the book on the screen.
"
"450" "
To all who have doubts of this show is missing a lot; i've seen the
first season and finishing the second season but I am wanting more.A
story that compelling leaves you with wanting to know what will happen
next. known as an nominee for an all round spectacular show it shows
kings for power but power is earned not taken. For those who take power
it does not mean it is received but unfortunately it is given. But this
element gives the edge that the show needs to be moving steadily as the
most popular show on TV today. The climax is effective from episode to
episode; personally I would like joffrey head on a spike. I am sure it
won't cause usually he is well protected. For those who are looking for
constant fight scenes and fruity ending it is not. It explores the
human side and that is what I crave. Transitionally the story works
with how it goes from almost every character especially Joffrey well
played. Others that got me going was the first season finale I mean you
cannot argue with that. Each episode has a sexual element and that also
gives more true to the story of the gender role of the male and female
in society. Overall I will continue watching and season three is not to
far hopefully they come out with fireworks in such a confusing period
time power and absolution.
"
"451" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"452" "
This is by far the best TV show I've watch. Haven't read the book but
heard enough about them to know that the show is well written and stay
true to the original writing. What is amazing in this show is that it
has plot twist, lots of different story and there is no real good and
evil. Everyone is looking for his own personal goal and that is what
make this story amazing. It's not a fight between good and evil. And
even better, every single character can die even the main character.
Like Eddard Stark who died at the end. You feel the fear of the
character and are really worried about what happen to them. It's
realistic as the good guy will not always win and live happy.The show is amazing the cast is amazing, i find nothing wrong about the
show. Everything is perfect and it will probably be the only 10/10 I
will give ever for a show or a movie. It's a must watch!!!
"
"453" "
awesome series i have ever watched The series is set on the fictional
continents of Westeros and Essos and interweaves several plot lines
with a large ensemble cast. The first narrative arc follows a dynastic
conflict among competing claimants for succession to the Iron Throne of
the Seven Kingdoms, with other noble families fighting for independence
from it; the second covers the attempts to reclaim the throne by the
exiled last scion of the realm's deposed ruling dynasty; the third
chronicles the rising threat of the impending winter and the legendary
creatures and fierce peoples of the North. Game of Thrones has
attracted record numbers of viewers on HBO and attained an
exceptionally broad and active international fan base. It has received
widespread acclaim by critics, particularly for its acting, complex
characters, story, scope, and production values, although its frequent
use of nudity, violence, and sexual violence has attracted criticism.
"
"454" "Add another review"
"455" "
Where do i start? What an epic show... The sets, the actors and the
overall production. Im not one to be impressed easily but this is a
great show. The suspense keeps building in each episode and you know
the payoff will be worth it in the end. Favourite character? too many
to choose from. I also enjoy the gory side of things and this ticks
that box for this fella. I truly hope it keeps being made but shudder
to think of the actual cost for each episode. As i mentioned the sets
are truly epic. The costumes are first class and you really feel as
though you are back in time. Maybe too many wines for me when i watch
it but i feel like a kid again. And yes, i have bought my share of
merchandise.
"
"456" "
This has to easily be the best show that I have ever watched , the
setting is perfect . Acting is just simply outstanding and the
development of characters and settings as you progress through the
series is what truly grips you , Even the cgi is spectacular, much more
defined and well balanced than other shows.. As you start off watching
the show it takes time for the ambiance and setting of the series to
sink in so that you can get easily accumulated every time you start
watching again , a whole other world you sink into ; as you progress
through the show you start to root for different characters and houses.
The best thing is that there is no actual villain in the series but
instead different houses that take people on different journeys. The
only flaw I see for miles is the fact that there are only 10 episodes
per season because once you start , you won't be able to stop yourself
from wanting more and more....
"
"457" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"458" "
Well, the show is good, no discussion there but a 9.5 (July 3rd 2016)
is quite overrated to my opinion. Ratings like that are more echoes of
the past that lack present reality.The first 3 seasons I would give 9 out of 10, unfortunately the show
got a bit lost from there on as it slowly collapsed under its own
weight while trying to become something legendary... The many
story-lines got messier with new ones unnecessary added without any
real need to do so and the intelligent script got quite a bit less
intelligent while going along.SPOILERS: The whole season of Arya going to the Faceless God was a
waste of time. No added value of going there, staying there and then on
a blue Monday suddenly she suddenly decided to go back for no real
particular reason. A whole season filled with nothing and then after
returning in just a few minutes she does something that could have
filled a whole season... sighs... where's the logic there...Furthermore, out of the blue the High Sparrow pops up and takes over
control reducing Cercei to a pawn...?? Who ever invented that totally
illogical twist? As if the most mighty wealthy powerful house Lannister
would ever bend for a bunch of priests... let alone after Cercei has
got full power after her father died. Sorry, that really makes no sense
at all.Just two examples of how messy the story-lines got and in my opinion
there is by now a long list of inconsistencies so I would say the
quality of script writing needs to go up a lot as soon as possible
because Game of Thrones had a great start in the early years but now
slowly is becoming an empty shell that still shines glamorous on the
outside but gets more and more hollow on the inside.On a side note, Samwell Tarly is a nice character, but there really was
no need to make this (again) another parallel story-line. You see, this
is what I mean, an overdoses on story-lines and things just get messier
by doing so.Dragons -how spectacular they might be- can't cover up for the lack of
an intelligent story. I would say get a focus, get a grip, hire some
good writers and bring it back to the quality it had in the beginning.As it is right now: 8 out of 10 and only because I'm in a good mood and
hope things will get better... ;-)René
"
"459" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"460" "
Arya revelation is so dumb. There is no twist in what happened so far
and what I remain with is the feeling that all her story was for
nothing actually. Only cheap tricks on the audience to create something
interesting on her story line, when in fact there is nothing deep
behind that: she walks carelessly on the streets when she knows she.s
followed by an assassin, then her wounds which at first seem deadly,
miraculously heals almost entirely over night. All these only to run
away from what she was meant to be. So unless HBO comes up with more on the background of her story and a
continuity of her training as a black assassin in the next series, it
would be sad.Edit after ep 10, Season 6: Arya finally came up with something to back
her story up, but sill there are some gaps in how she really left House
of Black and White with no repercussions.. Jaqen H'ghar once said: \"
she is meant to be more than a faceless\" . So is she becoming more than
that or he forgot about his statement. Was all of that a plan for her
or just a coincidence ?
"
"461" "
Best TV series ! highly recommend it to everyone, all seasons and
episodes are amazing,everything is so professional, waiting for season
6 now, I wish game of thrones never ends, now I read book, and book is
great too. Jon Snow is my favorite character. Acttress is very
beautiful, all things is so important there. I like every thing, time,
people, actress, that every thing is not expectable. Best TV series !
highly recommend it to everyone, all seasons and episodes are
amazing,everything is so professional, waiting for season 6 now, I wish
game of thrones never ends, now I read book, and book is great too. Jon
Snow is my favorite character. Acttress is very beautiful, all things
is so important there. I like every thing, time, people, actress, that
every thing is not expectable.
"
"462" "
WHOLE: This show is mind-blowing. There is no other way to put it. And
the reason for that is because in most shows and most movies, you feel
confident that your favorite character, or the protagonist, is going to
be safe (or at least until the very end of the show/movie). This show
is like real world. No one is safe. Anything can happen to anyone. The
second reason it is mind-blowing is because this show (or the books it
is derivative of) has created a whole new world, and I mean that
literally. With new history, new religions, new species, new geography,
new medicines, this is a different earth. Couple that with a plethora
of characters with such intricate personalities and motives, this show
is a masterpiece. SEASON 1: The first season of the show is extremely faithful to the
book. It follows it almost exactly. It is a fairly slow season, with a
lot of world building. It, however, is very interesting as you get a
good look at every character you are dealing with, and shows the
growing tension between every character. I thought this was a fairly
decent season, however, started of a bit boring. I guarantee if you
stick with it, it will be worth your time.SEASON 2: This is where the show starts splitting away from the books a
bit. This season started picking up from season 1 and actually started
showing the war in action. More characters are introduced, more world
building, more tension, more action. It gave some characters more
spotlight and really showed us what drives them.SEASON 3: This is where the show gets really interesting. There are so
many factors at play everywhere, and all the characters start falling
apart. This is where we start seeing a change in every character. It is
one of the best seasons in the entire show.SEASON 4: Hands down, best season. The other 3 seasons have been
building up a lot of tension and this where every thing goes down.
Every episode keeps you on the edge of your seat, and now we see all
hell break loose.SEASON 5: This is where the show truly turns away from the books. The
show has started going down its own path, and many things that never
happened in the books are happening. The first half of this season was
fairly crap, with barely anything happening, and very sloppy dialogue,
but as always it payed off in the second half with some of the best
episodes in the entire show. CONCLUSION: Overall, definitely worth watching. Though it may be slow
at times, it always pays off. Many book-readers are upset at how
different this show has become to the books, but I am actually happy
about that, as the show could never be as intricate as the books and
hence following it exactly would not pay off. By following their own
story the writers can make the show appropriate to its medium. Lastly,
THIS SHOW REQUIRES SERIOUS COMMITMENT. If you are not paying attention,
and are not aware of all the numerous things going on, you wont truly
understand how great the show is. I recommend watching the History&Lore
series to help you understand this world better and learn more context.
"
"463" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"464" "
The story line, even if it progresses slowly, it does not become boring
at all. In every episode, there will be an event you could not have
ever guessed, while every episode finishes in a point where you want to
see the other one asap! The plot is definitely exciting and
meticulously planned so as not to leave any gaps, but still putting you
in the position of googling more about the characters' backgrounds to
understand the mindset of them, as well as try to predict their next
moves.My favorite character is John Snow and I cannot wait to see what
happened with him. Seems that the author J.R.Martin is willing to kill
everyone until the end of the show. Having seen all the seasons, some
of them in a single day (!), I am a big fan of Game of Thrones, even
without having read the books.
"
"465" "
When I first heard about GoT, I had no idea what I was getting myself
into. I hadn't previously read the books, so I knew nothing. (lol) With
that said, GoT blends fantasy, action, sexuality, and a little comedy
here and there. As the seasons progress, the series leans mostly toward
the darker side. But never-the-less, the series is definitely one to
check out! Think Lord of the Rings but on a much larger much more
in-depth scale.I will say that the violence and sexuality should be noted. GoT holds
nothing back, and you will be submersed in a world of no shame or
modesty.That aside, the first season focuses mainly on one family, but
eventually more characters come, and the story begins to follow several
different stories in several different places all at once by bouncing
back and forth, just like the book.The story can sometimes be difficult to keep up with, with the amount
of story change, and 'back and forth'-ness. This would be the only real
downside. The situations each character is faced with, the action,
costume and set designs, the acting, and of course the landscape all
make up for that! You will be at the edge of your seat through 98% of
the series, and when the season is over you will go through GoT
withdraws as you beg for more!
"
"466" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"467" "
Have been hearing all about this show so I finally thought I would see
what it is like. Have enjoyed the first season and glad I waited to
watch so I can just binge an not have to wait to see what happens next.I always liked Peter Dinklage but he is killing it in this show. And
I'm really looking forward to seeing what happens to Tyrion Lannister
in the coming shows. I do hear there are so dragons coming and they seem to be teasing the
hell out of them with those dragon eggs. Hope there worth the wait and
aren't a giant let down. When they do finally show up. Nothing will be
worse then waiting all this time to have a badly animated dragon pop on
the screen.
"
"468" "
The series is based on George R.R. Martin's novel about a fantasy world
where royal houses battle for the Iron Throne.Like Peter Jackson's \"Lord of the Ring\" trilogy, this series captures
the tone and the emotion of the books perfectly and as well as its HUGE
budget emasculates its audition into the Fantasy realm of blood, war,
sex and full blown action. Another HBO successful adaptations - and if
asked what is best show on television - it's a surprise if the answer
is not \"Game of Thrones\". It is every Actor's dream to be cast in this
production but personally I would appreciate the low budget 'Artistic'
successes of shows like 'FARGO\" airing at the same time. It has a fine
richness in dialogue. The casting is near exceptional<U+0085><U+0085>.and with each
season new characters immerse. The subject matter often bold - incest
at its best. It has taken the Fantasy genre to the next level and is
seen as a \"Masterpiece\", yet I would call that an overstatement.
Martin's novel's are somewhat extraordinary but the show has had its
flaws, my personal favorite being what on God's earth happened to Aidan
Gillen's accent: a quote from The Daily Edge: \"AS MASTERFUL AN actor as
Aiden Gillen is and as much as we love him, his Game of Thrones accent
is sliding all over the shop of late. Fans are complaining that
Littlefinger is going from Oirish to vaguely British and back again.\"
Yes the last season was terrific but Gillen's decision to
characteristically change Littlefinger, - - I quote \"he thought he
should sound \"patriarchal\"<U+0085><U+0085><U+0085>ruined one of the most pivotal story
lines. So for such a Masterful Show - Don't get me wrong I love it <U+0085><U+0085>
but it's perception as \"near perfect\" Fantasy fiction I'd question.
"
"469" "Add another review"
"470" "
Game of Thrones is a great series, not mainly because of it's great
visual effects, fast action and cinematic looks (although those are
pretty good too...), but because of it's characters. They are all
extremely believable and interesting, they really are the heart of this
series. Should those characters be taken away, then everything
collapses dramatically, for sure. Almost every line, every moment and
every scene is filled with complicated and intriguing emotions and
situations. With every episode the characters grow bigger and bigger,
creating a realism and depth you rarely see in today's television
series. The only thing that i found irritating from time to time was
the fact that the environment (and perspective) changes a lot, giving
you the feeling of hopping through the world, every time a scene gets
really interesting, the camera hops away to another perspective. But
that's a detail and doesn't nearly compare to the greatness of this
series. I really recommend giving it a chance, you won't regret it!
"
"471" "
What can I say about this series? Less is more I think in this
situation. This is a literary masterpiece brought to life on the
screen. George RR Martin's novels are some of my favorite books that I
have ever read. And this is the cinematic experience of those books
brought to life. The scenery and sets are gorgeous. The story itself is
a thrill ride that will take you from peak to peak. The characters are
deep, complicated, and lovable all in their own ways. Except for that
bastard Joffrey... If you haven't watched it yet, please just do so.
Nothing I can say here can convince you more than an hour with the
series will. Just do yourself a favor, and watch this.
"
"472" "
The sheer size of the cast and the way in which the show manages them,
by providing ample time for each and every single one of them in itself
is a master-piece. Coupled with an amazing plot and some fantastic
dialogues this truly is the best in TV as of now.The \"Computer Generated Imagery\" in the show is almost perfect.Locations are perfectly chosen and are apt for the various situations
that arise in the show.It also has a good mix of Action, Drama and Fantasy.As for as the deviations from the book is concerned, I don't know
anything as I haven't read them...
"
"473" "
Game of Thrones is a great series to follow up, specially when it
highlights the importance of our past and history. The character engage
and show how the settlement and growth of the ion throne is caught. The
lifestyle stands in the evolution. The royalty of the movie is well
done how it shows the social stratification. At the end my rating is
10/10 and would tell the director and actors to keep up the good work
from Canada. The other thing i would like to point out is however game
of throne does it , they make the series end with this feeling of you
wanting to watch and want to wonder what will happen the episode after.
They should correlate the kings like Khalisi with Joffrey. Seriously
Jeffrey is such an character, which you really want to beat up and
hate. They should've not killed the lord at the beginning because the
lord dragged me to watch this movie. That scene was not fair at all.
and also the Son of the lord and the wife of the lord. They should've
kept creating more troops and army to takeover and make the Lanisters
suffer. I really wonder which time period does this movie aim at, and
also they should really have a better sense of geography. locations are
very important, and that is barely shown in the movie. The movements
are very important. and it's very hard to find out.ThanksGreat series to watch. One of my favourites.
"
"474" "
Game of Thrones is a must see for fans of all genres, especially those
of Fantasy, Adventure and well directed Dramas. If you are a fan of
titles such as Lord of the Rings or Spartacus then I would recommend
for you to watch this even more as it is essentially a mix between the
two just with more drama and even better written dialog.The show contains a great amount of incredible acting from new actors
and ones you may have already heard of. Their performance however is
greatly aided by the fantastic writers who make the show very excitable
and thrilling.So grab your popcorn and beverage friends as you get ready to watch one
of the best shows ever to be produced and shown on television.
"
"475" "
This is an excellent drama show that I would recommend to everyone who
can handle it's explicit content. Game of Thrones is produced by HBO so
this should be expected. However, despite it's explicit content it is
still an outstanding drama show. Game of Thrones is a series that requires patience when it comes to
plot development, despite this the show can easily hook you with
cliffhangers and brilliant acting. The effort and detail put into this
show visually really pays out creating a show that feels real, gripping
and enthralling. This show is centred around the conflicts and
interactions between the many houses in Westeros. Centering around
secrets and betrayal, war and family-ties, this show is more than just
a fantasy series. The highlight of this show is the interactions
between it's many characters and the complexity of the plot. Because of
this complexity keeping up with plot lines and characters can often get
confusing, but eventually things begin to work themselves out as you
watch more. I enjoy how well the writers have adapted the novels, even with the
plot lines differing in minor ways. This however, is mainly to help
with the budget and also to help out the viewer since there are even
more characters in the books which, if added, would likely confuse the
already sprawling and complex storyline. All in all Game of Thrones is
a series I highly recommend to anyone who likes a brilliant plot,
fantastic actors and great writing.
"
"476" "
I cannot understand why people talk about abomination and sex and why
it is bad - when placed in context. Wow. Never happened in history
before at all... So that's why we are all created by God and even
should make political correct shows... WTF! OMG. Get real. It's
fantasy... And I never was a fan of that genre. But what some people
write here is just stupidity. I mean, referring to an IQ of the people
who watch a show to distract themselves and want to be entertained is
just pure ignorance.For me it's one of the best shows ever made although I prefer the
books. For me, as a native German, the books are harder to understand
than the show actually is, but still. Images come while reading. Yet, I
have to admit that the show/series is very close to the books and the
pictures match.I always tell my friends if GoT would run for 24/7, I would take
holidays for that.Keep it going. Looking forward to season 4, although I know what's
coming.
"
"477" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"478" "
I am new to this series, never read the books before, but having
completed watching the 2nd season made me wanting it more.I have always been a fan of fantasy movies, so when people appraised
this series because it is comparable to LOTR, I was intrigued.The first episode in the first season (after the prolog) was utterly
boring.... I have no clue at all what this series about.So my curiosity got me better, and I continued watching the whole
season with laptop nearby so that I could google more about the
characters and their history. And after a while I realised, these
actors are superb, I appreciate the beautiful back ground, the script,
the directions, the DOPs, the sound mixing, the plot... every element
in this series is well concocted. No wonder it could deliver one of the best TV series I have ever
watched satisfyingly... the author is involved as well. *I wish if there is a Harry Potter TV series the author would be
involved as well with the script* Anyways, my fave female character so far is Daenerys. Emilia Clarke's
performance is simply great. And fave male character is either Tyrion
or Petyr. But then again, all actors did a very good job, no body
delivers a bad performance.And my fave episode is Blackwater... the best battle episode in my
history of watching TV series!
"
"479" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"480" "
Game of Thrones, is what I call dark fantasy and the books emphasise
the dark side of fantasy amazingly by writer George RR Martin, and the
series of A Song of Ice and Fire. When I heard about the books being
made into a television show, I was new to it. I was one of many, coming
to the world of Westeros by the TV show first and not the books. The
decision paid off well, and Game of Thrones amazed me until the final
episode of the first season before I bought all the books and began to
read them.Game of Thrones incorporates, what many fantasy shows such as Earthsea
and shows portraying the King Arthur legends; the simple tact of
darkness we all possess inside us to become the worst we can be.
Greedy, bloodthirsty, brutal and ambition. Game of Thrones gives us
what The Sopranos would have been in a fantasy, medieval setting such
as The Borgias is as well.Depicting plots to take over the throne of Westeros, ambition by
Princes, Lords and lowly soldiers is always present as everyone has
their own sense of what is owed to them and what is there's to take. A
sense of being owed something by their subjects, and their people.
Simple individual men and women, who's ambitions cost the lives of
thousands in the struggle for dominance.This is perfectly portrayed by HBO, and the writers of the show as
every noble house have their own plans for the land who are just
waiting for their opportunity to put their plans into action. The sets
and design department, have got everything about the show to perfection
and what most fans of the books imagine seeing is what they do see.
Characters are portrayed as they are in the books, and appear to embody
their roles well.Now with season two finished, and awaiting season three coming in 2013
we have a while to wait. But the show is simply, The Sopranos or The
Wire in a mythical fantasy world. It's dark, gory and deeply seated in
politics and religion as medieval times were similar.
"
"481" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"482" "
Just when I thought that I would never discover a medieval-themed TV
series that was worth watching, I stumbled upon the Game of Thrones.I have always wanted to buy the Song of Ice and Fire series by George
R.R. Martin, but never got to, which meant that my only idea regarding
the show was that it would be like every other medieval-set series.
Boy, was I wrong. Here are some reasons:The sets are wonderful, and could easily be differentiated. You'll
never confuse Winterfell with the Wall, or King's Landing with any
other location. The combined elements of sex, violence, greed, love, etc, makes it very
real. The absence of censorship is also good, because it removes the
limits of the show, resulting to a very good series. Lastly, the key actors are simply superb. (After watching the first
season, I have made it a point to ensure that I will be the one who
kills all the Lannisters, especially Joffrey - the antagonists are so
antagonizing that whenever I remember them, I actually feel a sense of
hatred surging inside of me.I can't wait for more! Well done, HBO!
"
"483" "Add another review"
"484" "
I just started watching the series what a week back (4/14/2012) may be,
so I got to see he the complete season 1 and I loved it.I like movies/TV series which are multi plotted and if you add the
medieval touch that is a classic and that is what Game of Thrones is.I am not an big fan of TV series but this is one of the few I have
watched and loved others being Rome, Prison Break, American Horror
Story & The Walking dead.The Game of Thrones has very good characters and good actors for those
characters, none of them are what they seem. The Game of Thrones is
about struggle of power and what men/women can do get power.I would Strongly recommend this TV Series from HBO.
"
"485" "
It took a lot of convincing for me to give GOT a shot. Halfway through
the 1st episode I was motivated enough to spend an hour on the internet
trying to understand the universe of Westeros and the relationships
between the main characters. If you have not read the books then a
little study can add significantly to your enjoyment of GOT. Although I
enjoyed Lord of the Rings, I would not consider myself either a buff of
fantasy or of the Dark/Middle Ages. Kings and castles tend to make me
move on to something else. But, for me, GOT has turned out to be my
favorite show currently on TV. The 1st is Breaking Bad. So if you think
you may not like this program despite it's high ratings PLEASE give it
a try. I hope this show gains a broad audience and can survive at least
as long as Breaking Bad or the Sopranos. One last thing - GOT shows
that hints of the fantastic and supernatural can be as powerful as the
bazzilions of fantastical creatures that inhabited Middle Earth of
LOTR.
"
"486" "
Very pleased with the first season very like real life (ahaha)Though this reminds me how sad this story was.PROS The center of the book Tyron Lannister is a real HIT in the series
CONS the wolves are more second world war German pets to me hope the
dragons wil save the non-human reputation...Hope the rest of the troup will keep on playing a few more seasonsWorst case scenario would be a success, with all of us waiting for the
word the END written on paper in 2021Or even worst, worst... audience failure...Martin commits suicide and a
No End Book AWFUL !!!Hail to the North !!!With some chance, this could be the Harry Potter Saga for those over 30
with a princess in the foot and knight in the ankle.Let's Enjoy what it lasts.
"
"487" "
After hearing a lot of hype involved with this recent new series that
HBO released, I decided to check it out for myself. Having read the
first two books in the series (Game of Thrones and A Clash of Kings), I
was curious as to how true to the \"feel\" of the first book would
transpose to ten 50-55 minute blocks. Like previous reviewers have
noted, most attempts at visually bringing a book to life are usually
met with dire results or fail to live up to expectations for the whole
season. However, I can say with absolute certainty that this series has
lived up to that hype and more.Everything from the casting to the dialogue and non-verbal imagery to
the set designs are spot-on to how Martin described each environment in
his book. Sean Bean, Lena Headyey, Emilia Clarke, and Peter Dinklage,
among the other fine actors, do a superb job of making their characters
their own, especially Dinklage's portrayal of Tyrion (my favorite
character of the book series so far). The environments capture the air
of tense conflict as the story unfolds in each episode, and the
dialogue, although not always delivered well with some of the
characters, was refreshing to hear overall. It was nice to see each
actor take their respective roles very seriously.Some folks would complain about the amount of nudity, sexuality, and
gore seen throughout the series. I respond by simply saying that they
perhaps toned it down a bit from much of what is described in the books
and that those folks should be grateful that they aren't visually
representing the book in this fashion TO THE WORD. Still, this is a
series for mature audiences and if sex, gratuitous violence, and
bloodshed aren't your cup of tea, I would stay away from this series,
both on HBO and in the books.Overall, this is a great adaptation to George R. R. Martin's first book
in his epic series and I cannot wait to see what they do for the next
season's adventure \"A Clash of Kings.\"
"
"488" "
George R R Martin, has done quite a job with his series of books, based
around the 7 kingdoms and the fight for the iron Throne. All I can say
is thank goodness HBO got the rights to film this and not a bunch of
pansies who would have made this into a watered down shadow of it's
rightful self. This is war, this is death, this is sex and violence and
family feuds and long held memories. It is fantasy and drama and comedy
and wine and song. I will admit the acting isn't always perfect, and
the budget forbids grandiose battle scenes or a cast of thousands! But
still Martin's vision shines through, the story is compelling to any
fan of LOTR , you know who you are, it also appeals to any medievalists
or people who dreamed of lands beyond this Earth. I am waiting the next
season, and I truly hope this series gains in popularity and word of
mouth until the whole saga has been translated onto screen. Down with
the Lannisters!
"
"489" "
I've never raved about something on TV so much in life! There is
nothing' quite like Game of Thrones!I recall people talking about it years ago in its first three seasons..
But I'm one who doesn't like what the majority like, I don't love
trendy or popular things. Roll on a few years, I was in my local CEX
and the boxset (seasons 1-4) was on the shelf in pristine condition.. I
traded in some unwanted DVDs & then purchased the boxset. I got home,
put in disc one and was hooked for the next two & a half weeks, getting
through three or four episodes some days.That's how I came to love Game of Thrones, by chance.. If you're
anything like me & willing to give something a go just to see what all
the fuss is about, do yourself a favour & do it! The acting is second to none, the vastness of the world will leave you
in awe, the way the story unfolds will leave you mesmerised... The
shocks, the twists & turns.. This is a fantasy genre but there's a
realism to it all! The action sequences aren't over the top, they are
realistic. That's why even Lord of the Rings doesn't compare to Game of
Thrones (I love Lord of the Rings) but you know what's going to happen,
the good guys will prevail. Who are the good guys in Game of Thrones?
Will they come out on top? This is another reason why Game of Thrones
is realistic, because there is no good vs bad; everybody has goodness &
some evil in them as well.. That's true for all of us, well more so to
the people it's based on in history. I even watched all of Breaking Bad after I'd watched Game of Thrones..
It just doesn't compare.Nothing is on the scale of GoT.. It's a one off & when all is said &
done it will be hailed as the greatest show of all time! The end of season six highlighted the fact it's still the most shocking
show on TV today! I've never felt so many different emotions watching
anything on TV! I was left with euphoria after watching the final
episode of season 6!If you've watched it all, you'll know what I'm talking about. If you
haven't, give it a go, see how it affects you... I'm sure it will have
you addicted so you can't wait for another hit of Game of Thrones! The best there is, the best there was and the best there ever will be!
"
"490" "
I was blown away by this show from start to finish. I couldn't believe
how rich and spectacular the visuals were, how first-rate and
technically marvelous the entire production was. But as much if not
more so than the production itself, the intricate story lines and
deeply complex characters make this show how deservedly popular and
lauded it is. Rarely has there been a medieval, fantasy epic this rife
with feeling, passion, betrayal, slaughter, and downright twists and
turns. With a terrific ensemble cast and special effects that make the
most expensive Hollywood blockbusters look unimpressive, \"Game of
Thrones\" has left its mark on the zeitgeist as the show to beat in
television history.
"
"491" "
The HBO masterpiece, Game of Thrones, is truly one of the greatest
shows that has ever been created. Set in the fantasy world of Westeros,
GOT presents audiences with a very mature and unpredictable story about
war, politics, family, and death.-PROS: The story of this show is best of any show that I've seen. The
main plot is intense, interesting, and ever evolving. The show features
many great and memorable characters (some you will love, and rest you
will hate). The lives and deaths of many of the characters are very
emotional and deep. The show is incredibly unpredictable, with many
unexpected twists and turns. GOT makes excellent use of its HBO budget,
featuring set pieces and CG that rival many Hollywood movies. The
cinematography is absolute excellent and visually appealing. Acting is
fantastic and the show paces very well. You do not need to have read
the books or be a fantasy nerd to enjoy this amazing series. The
amazing story, great characters, and beautiful cinematography make this
one of the greatest shows ever created.-CONS: This series is not for the faint of heart, as it contains brutal
violence and graphic nudity. I wouldn't recommend this show to anybody
under the age of 18 as it is an adult oriented show. This is not really
a bad thing, but it does put restrictions on those who can watch it.
The show contains no significant flaws other than the occasional slow
episode (which is expected from time to time).I would give a GOT a solid 10/10 as it is indeed a masterpiece that all
TV watchers should watch, regardless of what genre they prefer.
"
"492" "
Every generation had a defining series, but this one has Game of
Thrones. A fantastical world of Westeros, not unlike our own medieval
Europe, is beset by different problems and riddled with court intrigue
as well as plots. Families struggle either to maintain their position
or to dominate Westeros. The soundtrack is excellent, the story-line
and narrative is superb, the characters are fully three-dimensional,
morality is realistic and the show's many plot-twists are shocking, yet
realistic enough not to cause the \"shock for shock-value's sake\"
feeling. Actors, although many are not well known, are memorable and
they possess some real acting skill. Simply an excellent, tense series
keeping you constantly on the edge.
"
"493" "
After watching the first 4 seasons I've decided to give GOT 9 stars.
But for all the unnecessary and awkward nudity, I'm talking away one
star.GOT is about the iron throne of the 7 kingdoms. And people who are
trying to control get comfortable on the iron throne. So they wage
wars, people die. \"King\"s fall. Noble families decays. And all these
unfortunate incidents are originated from \"incest\".This show is all about tragedy. It preys on your addiction to sadness.
Without tragedy, it would have not been a great success. But they could
at least make the death scenes more emotional. I mean when I watched
the show with my brother, we both laughed during the death scenes. So
come on be more serious.The show is shot in 4-5 different European countries. And all of them
offers beautiful views. It's one of the great thing about the show. The
beautiful soundtracks will make get yourself lost inside the TV. The cast of GOT is very large and quite powerful. Beside they need new
casting members each season because a significant number of characters
die each season.The show offers a great deal of violence and gore, which is acceptable
for a show set in medieval time. But they really don't need to show
these much nudity. I don't want to watch porn.GOT had the stuffs that makes a \"Best TV Show of all time\". It still
has. But unless they stop playing it safe GOT won't reach it's full
potential.
"
"494" "Add another review"
"495" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"496" "
Game of thrones is a lovely show. Its something you will get attached
to very quickly,As the characters have unique personalities A.K.A arya
stark,John snow,Khalisie these are the few of Many. I only started to watch Game of Thrones a week ago and watched all of
them I instantly fell in love with the show its a beautifully made show
with great actors and the sets where they film is Astounding,It's
really creative and When you watch you'll instantly Fall in love with
characters or You'll hate someOK now I will get into characters No.1 Joeffrey, He's a guy who you
will want to murder but you don't,He's a Son of the royal Family The
\"lannistersNo.2 The starks, Since there's a lot of the starks I'll cut it down
No.1 Arya stark,A sweet but stubborn little girl who is tomboy and
loves boy activities besides what other ladies would No.2 John Snow a
great fighter Who signed up for the knights watch, But the only family
that he thinks he has left is his trusty companion 'Ghost' who is a
Dire Wolf
"
"497" "
I've read every book in Martin's series A Song of Ice and Fire (a Game
of Thrones) and let me say so far the show does a good job in keeping
the spirit alive with only slight adaptations. The characters are very
well casted and portray the characters from the book series
brilliantly. The rawness and edginess of the show is fitting for that
time period and brings the viewer back to the medieval times. The only
advice I can give is that to truly understand the show (as well as the
book series) is to study and remember the details, the characters, and
their allegiance. This is a very dynamic story with many characters all
of whom share an important part of the story.
"
"498" "
(this is a review for all the seasons so far With no spoilers)When i sat down to watch \"a game of thrones\" i honestly thought it
would be a second rate lord of the rings. Boy was i wrong. This show has quickly become not just my favorite TV show but one o my
Favorite sources of entertainment in film music and TV. The story is
very interesting with now section over explained or under-explained.
The characters are INCREDIBLE (my favorite has to be tyiron) and you
find your self caring or characters or hating characters.This show will have you laughing crying and even shouting at your TV
screen shout \"kill the little s*** Kill Him\" (or is that just me)
"
"499" "
This is the best show HBO have produced by far. Unlike most shows, this
one have been kept sincere to the books. No major events changes have
been made, only some details. And that's what makes this show
wonderful. Also, the acting is terrific and the actors have been chosen
perfectly along with the locations, dressing, decor... Even Those who
have read the books and know what is going to happen, still experienced
excitement and thrill through the watch. Speaking of myself, what got
me hooked to the show is the character of Daenerys Targaryen, probably
the most empowering female fictional character of all time. Emilia
Clarke have done a fantastic job with her. The rest of the characters
which are multiple and very different are as interesting too.
"
"500" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"501" "
Someone cared...This series is an onion, the layers peel away with each viewing. I am
fortunate to have viewed the blu-ray version. What a treat I had. I
won't go into technical detail, I 'will' attempt to convey some
thoughts and feelings on this remarkable piece of television. A Game of
Thrones is not best described as 'epic'. It will not entertain those
looking for another Lord of the Rings. Being of the TV variety,
'Thrones' does not thrill with wide screen scenery. The camera is
closer, yet not too close to be unmindful of the need to 'sell' the
rich setting that is Westeros. For those who like myself, are enamored
of the characters, and who caught our own hearts in our mouths at
various stages of the novel- 'Thrones' excels. Judicious is the
trimming, yet clever and thoughtful are the presented scenes. The
characters are given their literary dimensions, and in some cases,
namely minor characters- much more so. Thus we can forgive when certain
scenes and well remembered slices of dialog are handled somewhat
differently in order to portray a living vision, and version of
literary events. My personal indulgence is in *details*. Details are
*everything* in the geek world. Thus there are pleasant surprises in
store for those prepared to sacrifice epic for clever writing and
budget handling. There is a particular scene I will not spoil. but one
that the knowing will acknowledge. It reads roughly-'Jaime's sword was ripped from its sheathe.'- That particular segment
was handled a little differently, yet that tiny detail was not
neglected :) For the affiliated a greater majority of the characters
can be seen and named. Most deliver solid to outstanding performances,
some are only realised towards the end of the series. In the novel my
favourite is Tyrion Lanniser, in the TV series I'll say that although
Tyrion is indeed brilliantly portrayed, stands outs include 'Arya',
'Robert Baratheon' and Cat's sister 'Lysa'. These actors I feel really
projected their talent. If I am to be objective and critical I would
say that in my personal opinion the weakest link is Catelyn Stark. The
performance is good, but at times I was a little unconvinced, as though
I could see the effort, but I was not completely sold. Sean Bean does
'Eddard' proud, I just have to switch off a little to see him has a
Lord of the North when he opens his mouth, the lines spoken in his
native dialect. At times I had to suspend disbelief when father spoke
to daughters, who spoke as high born princesses without that distinct
northern tongue. Regarding the nudity. 'Thrones' is, as I believe I
stated above a very clever accomplishment. It lives and breathes with
honesty. There is nudity, and sex aplenty. It should not however be
considered pornography. These were times without the luxury of
technology, where serf and Lord alike took pleasures of the flesh.
Within every scene there is character growth and rounding, regardless
of the content or activity. George R R Martin did not shy away from
'whoring' and partnered sex- neither did the makers of 'Thrones' :) Looking forward to season 2.
"
"502" "
loyalty for novel, spectacular show, magnificent adaptation of each
detail. sure, not a real surprise for HBO but it is a major success to
create an entire world in so manner. the key - perfect cast and power
of images. the freedom for each step of tale and mixture of seduction
and cold view. exercise of masterpiece, it is more than adaptation. the
colors are part of nuances. the dialog is seed of events. the
territories - pieces of huge puzzle - are slices of tasty bread. the
force of measure is the rule, secret and miracle to make this
extraordinary work. no drop of speculation, only ash honey of a
monumental river of survive.
"
"503" "
Simply the best show I have ever watched. I am also a skeptic and quick
to point out flaws and Hollywood Exaggerations. I cannot even put into
words how good this series is. It has reinvented cinema for me. I
generally only watch BBC and National geographic, etc as I cannot
tolerate most of the rubbish on TV. I SINCERELY HOPE THEY MAKE SO MANY
SEASONS OF G>O>T that the polar ice caps will completely melt before
they take this off the air... I have recommended this show to all my
friends at work and outside of work. Every single one of them are
hooked and cannot stop watching. So a million teabags for Game of
Thrones and everyone who helped put it together. You are the best thing
that has happened in my life since Particle Physics. Mrs. Targaryen
Will you marry me?
"
"504" "
I kind of click on first episode of GOT out of blue. The moment episode
started, the music caught my attention. When the episode ended, I knew
it would be a good ride till the end. And i was not disappointed, I
deeply enjoyed the show. The acting was excellent. The cast was
amazing. Sean Bean was amazing. All the supporting cast did really good
job. I really enjoyed Emilia Clark\"s part. She is beautiful and acts
really well. THe show is closely related to everyday life and struggle
of different part of the world tries to get a piece of action (just
like the present situation of the World where all countries are trying
to get upper hand on others ). Overall, its one of the best show that
came out. If you have not watch it yet, then arrange your stuff and
have a look.
"
"505" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"506" "
*** SPOILER ALERT *** Game of Thrones is lush, beautiful, gritty,
harsh, bloody, and incredible. I love every character, bad or good, but
Peter Dinklage as Tyrion Lannister is superb (and deserves every
accolade he received for the role), and Sean Bean was transcendent as
Lord Eddard Stark - rough, weary, stoic and quietly noble. I was
heartbroken when Ned was killed.All the 'bad' Lannisters are deliciously so, and I've enjoyed watching
the evolution of Daenerys Targaryen from a meek little pawn of her
brother's into a rising leader. I like Iain Glen's character as the
exile who protects Daenerys and keeps her(and the viewer) up to speed
on the ins and outs of Dothraki society. I liked the boozing,
womanizing King Robert, though I would have liked to kick him in the
knee for being so obnoxious, and I even like that little jerk, Little
Finger.The Stark children with significant roles are also excellent,
especially Arya. Now that the killing of potential Robert Baratheon
heirs has begun, and the one we were introduced to last season being on
the path to the Watch with Arya, their relationship will be interesting
to watch.Game of Thrones has one of the strongest ensemble casts of any size
I've ever seen in a program. Though it took watching the episodes a few
times before I could start keeping all the intrigues straight, it was
well worth it.Though I'm still smarting over Ned Stark's execution (but I'm biased
because I'm a fan of SB's work going back several years), it was enough
of a surprise to be refreshing in this age of done-to-death plot
twists, and as the story evolves it seems clear that there's no more
room in the game for a Ned Stark.Thank you, HBO, for delivering yet another truly outstanding original
series into our homes on Sunday nights. I bought season 1 on DVD, and
I've bought the first book in the \"Song of Fire & Ice\" series. Rarely
does a television show have such an effect on me.9/10 stars. A bit heavy on the gratuitous sex, and all the F-bombs seem
out of place in that world, but if I can be hooked in spite of those
things, and willing to keep watching even after my favorite character
is knocked off, by god it must be a damn good show.
"
"507" "
Game of Thrones is, quite simply, one of the best series I have ever
watched.Right up there with The X Files, Battlestar, West Wing, 24, I just love
it.Well acted, brilliantly written, sets that wouldn't look out of place
in a movie blockbuster and story lines and characters to die for.Every episode is like a mini movie, as series one goes on it just gets
better and better. Cleverly they have avoided any huge battle scenes -
I presume they are coming in series 2.Amazing shocks along the way and one of the best final shots to a
series ever, everything is perfectly poised for an epic season 2.Can't wait!
"
"508" "Add another review"
"509" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"510" "
By far one of the best TV episodes i have ever seen, absolutely
fantastic. It really had everything, for me it was probably the best
Game of Thrones episode along with \"Hardhome\" and \"The Rains of
Castamere\", although i enjoy every single episode of this amazing TV
series. There were three things with this episode that made it so
outstanding, Ramsey's death, the long battle scene and the fact that
the episode really performed on a level that was expected, especially
when the three episodes before this one was very weak. I needed to be
reminded of how good Game of Thrones is, and that was exactly what i
was.10/10
"
"511" "
I realize I'm part of a painfully small minority, but nevertheless,
here goes. I only managed to get through the first season and even that
took a lot of energy. I love fantasy as a genre, so it's not like I
started out with preconceptions, but the initial exhilaration turned
quickly into disappointment once I realized the whole series was based
on a very simple structure: 90% of each episode sees two people,
sometimes three or more, in a room, a hall, a hut or in a garden,
talking, talking, talking, talking, talking, talking.... and then
talking some more, mainly about past deeds and dead rulers. And the
whole concoction is made so much more arduous to watch by the
amateurish direction, which relies on the \"artistic\" choice of showing
a close up of the speaking character, then switching to a close up of
the next character talking, then back once more, over and over again.
Every now and then there a horseback ride and sometimes, all too seldom
I might add, there's a brief sword fight. That's it - that's the big
show everybody's so giddy about. I don't get it.
"
"512" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"513" "
Game Of Thrones is the best HBO Show i have ever seen. George has
created a beautiful World. Dan and David has adopted the story to small
screen very nicely. Show has many lovable and hateble characters. it
has the best intro i have ever seen. it has nice soundtracks. acting is
A class. Show is very graphic if you are not good at watching gory
scenes like oberyn's death then i don't recommend this Show to you. If
you like movies like Lord Of The Rings then there is no doubt that you
will love this Show. First season : it is the most violent one but the
Show is very complex and you can't fully understand the Show without
knowing their names Second season: It is the worst season but it is
still great. many remember able moments like the battle of the black
water Third season: Season that we lost Starks many great moments like
The Red Wedding fourth season: the best season many great moments like
Tyrion's trial, The red viper vs. The mountain, defending the Wall and
Oberyn's every single scene. Fifth season:The one with the highest
budget many memorable mentions like White walkers sequence, fighting
pit scene, Meryn Trant's death and JON'S after all my rating for GoT is
10/10
"
"514" "
Game of Thrones dodges the title of just another sword and sorcery
franchise.It does so primarily by refusing to believe in heroes. There
are no characters who are beyond harm or human failings. Everyone in
this series has their strengths and weaknesses.Its this sense of reality that balances and makes plausible the
otherworldly aspects of the series, such as magic and dragons. The
acting is in many cases excellent too, with a strong cast who know
their craft. That said, at times the medieval cruelty is a little hard to take. It
often feels too, as if the medieval torture is used as a vehicle to
inject a sense of realism into the franchise. What it does instead, is
become distasteful and tiresome. Just as tiring is the rather drawn out
and predictable story lines that, in and of themselves, are not too
different to any other found in this genre. For me Game of Thrones is different but only just manages to stand out
from the crowd. Its popular but then series of this kind tap into a
genre with a strong, well established tradition and following. For me
however, this fact doesn't justify elevating the series to the lofty
status many other reviewers have given it. Seven out of ten from me.
"
"515" "
Greetings from Lithuania.\"Game of Thrones\" (2011-) is arguably the best current show in a world.
It has everything to be on top, and it is. I won't say nothing new that
wasn't already said before, but still... This is brilliant show from start till finish, in every direction.
Probably there wasn't a show before with this big, rich ambitious
scope. Yes, it's based on amazing material, but realize it on the
screen takes a guts, money and talent. No other network couldn't pull
it of, except HBO. You can clearly see every dollar that was spent on
screen, and usually, not in directly way - i mean the locations,
settings, costumes, art design, special effects - it's all there, you
can almost feel it. I won't lie, i don't like fantasy genre in general,
but \"Game of Thrones\" sucks you in from the opening scene and doesn't
let go. To appreciate this show you don't have read books - just enjoy
the beat, small things on screen - when you will see them, the whole
picture will come itself. I could talk for hours of how brilliant this
thing is, but you have to see it by yourself to understand.Overall, 4 seasons have gone, and it's a solid 10/10 for \"Game of
Thrones\" - a truly unique and almost flawless adventure in every
direction - it's dark, gruesome, gritty and unforgettable, a must see
for everyone and even those who don't like fantasy - you won't regret
it.
"
"516" "
This show is amazing, I've read the books and even knowing what's
coming it STILL sticks with you (it's been over a month at this point
and I find myself still thinking of S4E08) and that's the mark of a
great story. Just be warned it's a very harsh story and not for anyone
who's squeamish. The characterization is very deep and there are not
really any one note 'good' or 'evil' characters just people dealing
with life in a brutal, violent world. Peter Dinklage stands out from
the start as he put's on a master class of a performance as Tyrion
Lannister, he's an absolute joy to watch.If you decide to take this
journey just keep the title of this review in mind. Valar Morghulis.
"
"517" "
This is the best season that has ever been aired for a long long
time.What makes it so special is that every person who sees this season
can gaze in its vast ocean of characters and find the one character
that echos his personality that is the mirror image of his own self.Rather than being showing a romantic,hollow and masked portrayal it is
rude,bold,passionate,naked and above all the true depiction of the
world.Where the wars are not as simple as it seems and love is not
happy endings, marriages are held together not by love but by
fear,anger,lust and children.Where kingdoms rise and fall on the deceit
of men hungry for either power,glory or gold.Where honor to some means
more than life but to others just a bunch of hollow words.This season is a masterclass and i can easily say it is the Mozart of
television.This season will pass the test of time for generations to
watch the curious ways of the Game of Thrones
"
"518" "
Saw series one & was SO impressed by the quality of the plot & the
acting that i went straight out & bought the series of books (6 with 2
still to be written). Unfortunately, from book 2 onwards the books do
not keep up any sort of pace & could easily have been condensed into 2
or 3 volumes. So, enjoy the TV series which is very true to the books
(except that most of the main characters are portrayed as being twice
as old as they were written). Yes there is lots of sex & violence, but
not more than would be expected at that time in (fictional) history.
This is \"Sparticus blood & sand\" NOT \"Zena warrior princess\" Series 2
is looking just as good. Hope this helps.
"
"519" "
Finally!!!Someone has, at long last, figured out how to adapt a fantasy series
properly, without butchering the books or the dialogue unnecessarily.
Yaayy-Team!!! Now that you have figured it out HBO, how about doing Guy
Gavriel Kay's ''Tigana''? That would be a blockbuster for sure!!! Who
has the rights?? Well, whomever you may be, you've just been shown how
to do it and do it well.About time the TV land producers understood that we actually don't want
any more mindless pap. And let's face it, a political drama/thriller is
always a winner, no matter what world it's happening in.
"
"520" "
HBO raise the bar once again with this magnificent offering.
Undoubtedly the best TV show of 2011. From the inventive and
beautifully executed opening sequence GOT will have you gripped and
take you on a roller-coaster of intrigue, deception and treachery. All
beautifully set and shot, and acted by an outstanding and well cast
ensemble.GOT contains an excellent spread of heroes and villains, all of whom
you will empathise with (apart from maybe Catelyn who was a bit 'meh').
While the story has enough twists and turns to keep you guessing
throughout.One special mention of Peter Dinklage, in an extremely well acted
series his performance towers above the rest. Bravo Sir, and not a bad
English accent for a Yank as well! It's a cliché, but if you are going to watch one serialisation of a
widely loved series of fantasy novels this year: make it HBO's 'Game of
Thrones'
"
"521" "Add another review"
"522" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"523" "
I have only watched two episodes of this show but I felt I needed to
comment on it. It has great potential the second episode was far
superior to the pilot. The show looks great, the acting is solid and
this show could pull off a surprise at the Emmy's this year.It could take best drama series, although I do need to watch all ten
episodes before I can really say whether it deserves it or not.Sean Bean is probably the best actor in this show. I also like Lena
Headly a lot. I loved her in Terminator:Sarah Conner Chronicles and 300
she is very sexy and a solid actress. As always with HBO there are some
sex scenes which are interesting and not exploitative. I am looking
forward to watching the rest of season 1
"
"524" "
I decided to watch this series, in its first season, back-to-back,
because of its respectable status here on IMDb. simply put, you wont be
disappointed. at first, it might remind you of lord of the rings
because of the genre, but the world of Game of Thrones is much more
realistic, gritty, and unforgiving. It has magic, but the real magic is
the dynamic relationships between the characters and the events that
occur. it has great writing, and the pacing of the series when seen
continuously is perfect. by the end of the series you'll be familiar
with all of the families, kingdoms, and history of the Realm. the
acting is superb; the characters you like, you love, and the characters
you don't like, you HATE. the worst thing about this series is that it
ends right when you want it to continue the most! i actually had to
read the wikis on the books because i wanted to know what happened to
the characters. season two should be even better and hopefully they
will continue the series for sevens seasons, or however long it needs
to be to cover all of the books.this TV series/book series is EPIC storytelling. and its only season
1/book 1.little advice: don't fast forward through the intro. it helps teach you
the land of Westeros!watch it!
"
"525" "
Intrigue, action, perfect portrays of characters, vivid acting. It
required all my attention since the dialogs were linked throughout the
whole story and playback would have made me ruin the awesome epic flow
of narration. 10 lines of review would be quite demanding in terms of praising
possibilities to depict the hunger I had for watching the next episode
during the whole of this 1st series. Watch this as it is not only meant
to be a lesson in taste for viewers but also a masterpiece that
probably won't be equaled for many years, a grindstone for film
directors and aspiring movie stars. Do not watch it all at once as it
requires your eyes and ears to be wide open. I bow to the ART.
"
"526" "
Game of Thrones is probably one of the greatest series of all time,the
production value is great,costumes,sceneries,music and atmosphere
really drags you in an amazing world that in someway reminds me Lord Of
The Rings ,of course this does not mean that its exactly the same but
it has some elements of the Lotr World... Sean Bean is playing great
the role Ned Stark,the other actors are also making a great job too.I
suggest this movie to everyone,you will adore it and you will buy the
books,its guaranteed!:) I suggest you to watch these series in HD with
5.1 Surround,these features enhance the whole experience. Whatever i
will write i cannot describe the amazing feeling of watching this great
series,try yourself the experience and you will be addicted to the
imaginary world of the series!Let the game of thrones begin..
"
"527" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"528" "
You've heard my thoughts on the plot elements of Game of Thrones' first
season (and believe me, there are still thoughts to be had), but today
I'm here to share my opinion on the season and why I thought it was so
great.First of all, I have to start out by saying that Game of Thrones will
probably rank up there with LOST as far as game-changing genre shows
go. Sure, it doesn't change the field as drastically as LOST did, but
it's a show about dragons and sword fighting that is appealing to a
mass audience. It'll be fun to watch the success of the series
influence the shows that other networks put out in the future. What
further influence Game of Thrones will have on our culture, I don't
know quite yet. I'd love for it to instigate a resurgence of fantasy
into the pop culture bloodstream. It has the potential to do just that,
if its numbers keep going up with the second season.Game of Thrones might just urge on other, just as faithful adaptations
of books to the small screen. Shows like True Blood and The Walking
Dead follow their source material loosely, to varying degrees of
success. Game of Thrones, on the other hand, adhered its source
material (A Song of Ice and Fire by George R.R. Martin) so closely that
even the pickiest fans could only gather complaints such as \"Jon's
dire-wolf isn't supposed to bark!\" and \"Sansa and the Hound are
supposed to have a rapport by now!\" (Yes, I admit it, I'm picky.) With
Neil Gaiman's American Gods adaptation coming down the pike at HBO,
could we be seeing another such faithful adaptation in the future? It's
entirely possible.The series did a masterful job at bringing us wonderful characters,
through both writing and acting. Peter Dinklage's Tyrion Lannister was
an obvious standout with wonderful dialog delivered with witty sarcasm
or believable poignancy, whichever was required. The newcomers that the
show introduced us to, from Emilia Clarke (pictured above) to Kit
Harington to Maisie Williams, were all absolutely spectacular in their
roles. The casting department chose well enough to satisfy the most
dedicated fans of the source material while creating a cast that would
market to the HBO television audience (Sean Bean was the sausage they
dangled to hook fans before he was - literally - cut away).Speaking of Sean Bean being cut away, the series also had an uncanny
ability to unbalance the audience, whether with the shocking death of
Sansa's dire-wolf in the second episode or the more subtle scene in
which a troubled Ned watched as his youngest daughter learned sword
fighting techniques. It wasn't a typical episode cliffhanger, but it
set the tone for the rest of the series all the same. Perhaps
subconsciously, it prepared us for the inevitable: as written in the
books, Ned Stark was beheaded at the end of the penultimate episode of
the season, \"Baelor.\" Fan reaction was sharply divided, as anticipated,
a fact that only lends credence to the emotional power of the series
(Maisie Williams, who portrays Arya Stark, made the scene
heartbreakingly real). The show's inability - or refusal - to
compromise with what viewers wanted as opposed to what the story
demanded made it difficult to watch at times, but emotionally rewarding
in the end.Even the sex was difficult to watch at times, such as the scene that
occurred at the end of the first episode, during the forceful
consummation of the marriage between Daenerys and Khal Drogo, or the
deliberately taboo lovemaking of Cersei Lannister and her brother
Jaime. Sometimes the sex could be gratuitous -- Littlefinger's
perfectly delivered monologue at the beginning of the episode \"You Win
Or You Die\" was set during a decidedly sleazy lesbian sex scene -- but
it always seemed to stay within the show's own gratuitous, indulgent
world, never going so far as to pander to the audience.The world itself was so well constructed, so brilliantly designed, that
it can easily be said to be unique on television. There's no show that
looks like Game of Thrones, and the more I watch the series, the more
I'm convinced that no show should try to look like Game of Thrones,
because any attempt would obviously fall short of the lavish and varied
colors of Westeros.Perhaps I've gone on long enough. My opinion of the first season is
painfully clear: it's my favorite new show of the year so far, and one
of my favorite of all time. I couldn't possibly ask for a fantasy
series more unlike anything I've ever seen. The juxtaposition of the
fantasy genre with a storyline more akin to The Sopranos or The Wire is
something I never expected to see on television, but I'm so glad it's
here. Season two can't come quickly enough.
"
"529" "
What a series! And the richness and depth of its characters! This gets
my vote as one of the best TV series of all time. At the same time,
I've been watching that drivel called \"Camelot\" (no more, though) and
this fantasy series is what good viewing is all about and deserves an
award.Having read the books, I know that the story has been streamlined for
television and it has probably been criticised for that reason but the
essence is still there. It would be a mammoth undertaking, but I can
only hope the producers of the series continues with all the books (
there are four in print with one due out next month and two more
forthcoming). Keep up the good work, George!
"
"530" "
First of all, I have only read the 1st book, \"Game of Thrones\" because
I wanted to read after I saw the first few episodes of the series.
First of all, putting a face to the characters is worth it. HBO and the
actors have done an amazing job making every single person exact to how
their character is in the book. Dialog is, for the most part, word for
word and it's pretty simple to divide the book into ten parts and read
accordingly.Overall its a fantastic fantasy series that most people will relate to
Lord of the Rings, even though it really is NOTHING like it aside from
it being grand-scale, having Sean Bean, and having funny sounding names
for things.Each episode is better than the one before it and even if you think the
first few are a little slow, you'll relish them compared to the
intense, often breathtaking pace the series jumps to during the latter
half of episode 4.Finally, its HBO...there will be nudity, swearing, and violence....of
the 3 I will say the nudity is a tad overdone...while exposition is
revealed during most of the scenes and is very important, it boarders
on late-night cinemax, especially during episode 7.10/10, for story, acting, cinematography, and being faithful to the
origin. Even if you don't like LoTR (I don't), its just fun to watch.
"
"531" "
So I had heard of this new series and was interested to see how it was.
Within the first 10 minutes, I had to text friends to see who else had
watched this. Its crazy good. Ever watch a movie and when its over you
feel pumped up? this does that. for sure.It has everything an HBO series is expected to have. Violence, nudity,
language, and an awesome story line. I ended up watching the first 6
episodes the first night, staying up until around 5am.This is not the usual mid-evil show/movie with kings and queens and
fluff. this is action packed, a twisted story line, its fantastic.Try to not blink
"
"532" "
I have seen may epic series and honestly got disappointed by many, so
we stuck to Drama series for the past years, I thought after Lord of
the rings , I would never witness something similar, I am not talking
about the fantasy sci-fi but the whole emotion you get by just watching
one scene I hurried and read \"song of ice and fire\" just to reduce my
disappointment once I get to watch the series, but the trailer of Game
of thrones left me and husband in AWE! Brilliant choice of cast, I
can't pick or criticize any of them, as if they were made for this role
throughout their lives and Sean Bean, isn't he the greatest? Can't wait
to see more and more, i m in episode 6 now and looks very promising and
each episode gets better .. Thats is the only series/ movies I would
rate a 10... well deserved, great job from HBO, always giving the best
I really hope that epic fans enjoy this series as much as I do.. George
RR Martin will be very proud , a great author and a great adaptation
"
"533" "
Having finished the book just before the TV adaption , it is still very
fresh in my mind , and I am very impressed with the TV series so far.The remarkable thing to me is that , all the characters and locations
look almost exactly as they did in my mind's eye. With the use of CGI
and larger budgets , TV companies are now able to make programmes much
more faithful to books than they were able to before.The acting is all excellent , and a special mention must go to Peter
Dinklage's portrayal of Tyrion Lanister which is terrific.I'm really looking forward to the final few episodes of the series and
will then read the next book in the series.
"
"534" "Add another review"
"535" "
What a thrill! I was so excited to find out that HBO actually had
placed all the episodes on HBO on demand.I've seen most of the episodes and so far so hot! The landscape in the
show is gloriously beautiful.The actors are all so interesting. I don't recognize any of the actors
but they are all perfect for the roles they play.I like the midget actor. He could quite possibly be the best actor on
their show.I enjoyed the jousting scenes. It is a television series that I hope
will be around for a long time.
"
"536" "
I had very high expectations from this series and I believed that it
will (like most TV series) absolutely ruin the book. And I couldn't
have been more wrong! Where do I start...The cast is great, though not amazing with one exception - Sean Bean is
perfect for the role of cold master of the North, Eddard Stark. The
setting, the atmosphere is perfect and not boring at all! Some scenes
are just amazing and are exactly as written in the book - for example
the scene where they find the wolves, the nature and the dialogues are
just as they should be. Now to get to the part most people are
interested in: What is this? What can I expect of the series?This is a great TV presentation of Martins epic books. However if you
have read the book than you can be disappointed if some characters are
not nearly as what you have imagined them by reading. There are two
main problems - Red Viper Martel of Dorne and Sir Loris Tyrell who are
the best heroes of their fractions manly characters who we gay in TV
which is disgusting.
"
"537" "
Wow, hrmm.. I loved this show when it first started. Couldn't wait to
see the next episode the following week and week after that.Season after season I enjoyed this series. The flow of the characters
and action (except the torture scenes of Reek - that bored me
senseless), the costumes, character dynamics and intrigue, it was
awesome. Then this latest season started and I feel none of the usual
vigor and excitement.I find myself wondering why this show is being drawn-out. It's labored
and not at all what I have come to expect from years of past viewing.Episode 7 has aired recently and I didn't watch it. I'm waiting until
someone else who has the desire to view it, tells me something exciting
is going on, instead of the sad bluster it's been spewing forth this
year.Thanks, but no thanks. I wish they'd have kept up the momentum and had
the show for less seasons, rather than drag it out and become like so
many other sad shows.
"
"538" "
Game of Thrones is the best TV series ever devised. There can be no
competitors for its sheer scale, rich tapestry of characters, story,
and wealth of talent on display.Its almost an amusing slice of irony that a show of this scale, in all
its enormous budget, sets, that the absolute best character and actor
is the smallest of them all in the superb Peter Dinklage.Some of the scenes may seem shocking in their graphic nature, indeed
some may even seem gratuitous in their almost gleeful portrayal but
this just lends to increasing the unerring fascination that series has
generated in its fanbase.The only drawback, if you could really call it that is the seeming
penchant that the author George RR Martin has for killing off some of
the best and most beloved characters before you really have a chance to
explore what could happen with their development.A sure sign of a excellent series with absolutely spot on casting is
the ability to create characters that can genuinely stir up deep
dislike, almost loathing in their total evil natures.King Joffrey, portrayed by the excellent Jack Gleeson has generated
such hatred that he has publicly stated his occasional run ins with
fans who seem to struggle with detaching the character from the actor.Following on from Joffrey are other equally despicable characters such
as Cercei Lannister (Lena Headey) and Melisandre The Scarlet Witch
(Carice Van Houten) that also deliciously bestow their characters with
seemingly limitless cruelty and all round nastiness.To counterbalance however have been such brilliant characters portrayed
by established stars such as Sean Bean, Iain Glen, Charles Dance and
Aiden Gillian.To go through a thorough review of all the characters that are so
incredibly portrayed would take far too long to cover with any kind of
depth.What has been an extremely smart move by the producers has been the
casting of young and previously unknowns such as Kit Harrington and
Maisie Williams who clearly have impressive careers ahead of them,
almost solely due to Game of thrones being a springboard for their
careers. As is always the case there is a fear that Thrones may not last long
enough, seemingly Hollywood has an unhealthy fetish for all good series
to last no more than 7 seasons. This is one of those shows that could
genuinely be a far longer running story that would continue to enthrall
an enormous fan base that would only ever grow with each subsequent
episode.I am an extremely harsh reviewer and don't pull any punches when I feel
a movie or TV show has ballsed up or not followed anything near to what
the fans want or expect, however in this rare circumstance I cant find
a single fault with this superb TV show. If you watch it in a Blu Ray
boxset (I recommend you do, this show is worth investing in the tech to
watch in good quality High Definition) then make sure you set aside a
full weekend because once you start, you'll be hooked before you know
it.Seriously, Game Of Thrones is just that good.
"
"539" "
The best thing about this show is how close it brings fantasy to
reality, keeping in touch with the imagination and exhilaration of
Dragons. The thing I personally hate about Movies or shows that are
based on novels or books is how much they leave behind, but GOT not
only appreciate George's (Author of The Song of Ice and Fire; The books
the show is based on) work but takes it a step further by adding a
sense of surprise even for the book lovers.There are plot twists and
treachery at every corner, and this is not your every day show where
the protagonist gets away with almost anything. The show is the best ensemble of politics, war, fantasy and every thing
else (including Dragons, you just cant get enough of them). The cast
and creators have done a fantastic job. The cast is the best set of actors that make you love or hate the
character in an instant. You will see dwarfs in a completely different
light after this show. And you just cant hate Joffrey and Cersi enough. And if all the above doesn't get you hooked to the show ... there are
boobies and a lot of them.
"
"540" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"541" "
The best TV series EVER Best Direction Best Special effect Best
Screenplay Amazing cast It is full of thriller. The best thing about it
is u can never guess what is about to happen.. I am just waiting for
season 5.. In season 1 I thought Ned Stark is the Main Char..Then he
died then i thought his son Robb stark is the main char then he died in
Then You all must have predicted the scorpion ll win n IMP ll be spared
but see what happened.. I have never read the book but i think that's
why i find it much interesting GOT u cant predict.. Here is what i think ll happen.Arya Stark , IMP ll never die..And the Hound ll surviveSome Cool characters are : Arya ,Imp ,Hound ,Jamie and the
Bastard(Forgot his name)
"
"542" "
First, a disclaimer.....1. I have not read any of the books this series is based on, nor was I
aware of the author until the release of this series.2. I was NOT attracted to this series until almost the end of the
second season.Why? Simply because the genre is usually not done well on T.V.. USUALLY
it's pretty cheesy, campy, with a low budget, and terrible writing.That about covers it, now for the rest.DESPITE having absolutely NO desire to watch this show, I opted to give
it a try due to the overwhelming number of my acquaintances who claimed
the show was worth a watch.They were right. I was wrong. TERRIBLY wrong.The production values are excellent, the acting is excellent, and the
story is well written, intriguing, and has a universal appeal that
practically anyone can appreciate and relate to on a personal level.I would highly recommend this series to anyone who appreciates a well
produced, acted, and compelling story, as this series is one of THE
best, if not THE best, series ever put out on TV, or film alike.10 of 10 stars.
"
"543" "
This series is definitely a fantasy piece. The locales are outstanding,
there are knightly games and battles, and the costumes are what you'd
expect for a Dark Ages period story.But don't let any of that lull you into a sense that you'll be seeing a
\"Lord of the Rings\" copy cat. Game of Thrones is a political intrigue
story about several Houses (clans, family groups) and their struggle
for dominance. The story is very engaging and quite well scripted. It
is very easy to imagine something like this had actually happened in
history.The acting is standard for the genre. Expect to hear generic English
accents from most of the cast, although the story specific language is
spoken very well. It sounds like a mix of Elvish and Arabic; the actors
must have practiced it a lot. There are a few moments where the acting
is stiff or forced but all in all it's good.It should be noted that this is an HBO original series, and like other
series from HBO and Showtime you can expect the cookie-cutter formula
for \"risky and shocking\". What it amounts to is an abundance of nudity
(male and female) and strong language (F-bombs) that isn't actually
necessary. In several places it actually slows the progression as the
episode stops for a moment to allow naked people to randomly pop into
the scene. If full frontal nudity is a major turn off for you then you
will not enjoy the series as it pervades every episode.The only complaint I have is that it seems like something has been left
out, most likely for timing. There are a few minor arcs that are
introduced and then disappear for quite a while, only to jump back in
at an odd time. For example: in the first episode there is a lot of
emphasis put on the dire wolves. They get a bit of screen time in the
first two episodes then disappear except for parts where it's necessary
to move the story forward. I know I'm supposed to care about the
critters as much as the characters (apparently) do, but they don't get
enough screen time to be more than furry props.Still, this is a very good series. I'd recommend it to anyone who can
stomach HBO shows.
"
"544" "
I read Game of Thrones back in 2000 it was amazing i made all my
friends run out and get it as well. I just recently got the chance to
see game of thrones threw HBO go and it brought back all my fond
memories with ten times the amount i couldn't have even envisioned in
my own head. Its true to the book and the visuals are breathtaking.Sean bean just happens to be one of my favorite actors of all time but
honestly all the acting is so good i cant believe how good it is. Even
though i love Seans skills i have to give it up to Kit Harington as he
pulls off Snow so brilliantly, although i shouldn't say that because
there has been not one person within all episodes that has not done a
top notch job. The music is fantastic and the sound effects divine,
except on one occasion one the first episode where it showed horses
being rode in the snow, the sound effect was that of horses walking on
a road rather than a forest with snow (should of been soft followed by
crunches fellas lol) anyway this show is an easy 11 out of 10.I hope this series goes on forever. Game of Thrones was the only reason
i picked up HBO and if it stays on HBO, HBO will forever be purchased
in this household.
"
"545" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"546" "
A friend brought me A Game of Thrones for my birthday many years ago,
and I promptly read that and every other book in A Song of Ice and
Fire; just about the best books I have ever read, utterly immersive and
spectacular. When I heard the series was coming to the telly I was so
excited I could hardly wait, and having now watched the entire series,
I am really pleased about the way it was adapted, and can't wait for
the second season. I would recommend the series to anyone; there will
be some who don't like it, but I think they'd have to miss a few pretty
big points, or be rather narrow-minded to do so.Pros Stays true to the books, amazing scenery and atmosphere, very
gritty, superb cast **SPOILERS AHOY** Cons Some of the characters are
not at all like I imagined them. Catelyn looks too frumpy, the actress
is a beautiful woman, but I imagined Catelyn to be more girlish. Drogo
should have been bigger, what's-his-name is a big bloke, but I had
Drogo down to be properly massive. Rob, Jon, Bran, Rickon are too old.
Robb and Bran especially, they grow up during the books. Sandor could
have been a bit burlier. Finally, I imagined Renly to broader and more
dashing, and... not gay.A lot of that is subjective, but my it leads me to a bigger gripe:
Drogo's Khalasar. In the book it was 40000 horse warriors and a train
of civvies, decimating entire cities and cultures and enslaving the
populace. In this it's more like a group of 50 or so bandits who go
around bullying the odd farm. Come on, HBO, chuck some CGI in there if
you must but let's have something a bit more epic! And Vaes Dothrak is
a massive settlement with the plundered gods of countless civilisations
lining the main approach, not a camp site.**SPOILERS OVER** And gripes over as well, as despite the niggling
discrepancies, this is a series I loved, and if you've not watched it
yet, then you must, immediately. Oh, and as a guide, I also loved Rome,
Firefly, Spartacus, Buffy, and Walking dead.
"
"547" "Add another review"
"548" "
After watching the Spartacus : Gods of the Arena series I saw this was
advertised. Immediately attracted to the scene of Sean Bean (Eddard
Stark) wielding a huge clay-more I knew I had to watch it. At first I
called it \"The Lord of the Rings, but different\" only because of Ned
Stark's striking resemblance to Sean Bean's other famous role Boromir.
However after a mere few minutes into watching the series I realised
this was in it's entirely different world.As the characters progressed and loved and hated each other each
episode I was even more drawn in. Upon watching the series a second
time I loved it only more.The saga leaves us with an epic cliffhanger in the series' penultimate
episode and in the final episode, which I will obviously not disclose
here but, it left me in awe and I could not wait for the next
episode/season. When the series finished I could not wait for the next
season so began watching again, as well as purchasing all the books.I have never been so in love with something I have so many hates for. I
do not consider these flaws but only interesting and new writing
styles. It makes it more realistic the way you are screaming at the
screen going \"WHY DID YOU DO THAT?!\" and etc. Hating and loving some
characters and plot devices is exactly what the writers wanted me to
do.This is one of the best television series I have ever seen. Probably
the best. If I were a producer I would be throwing my money at this to
make more and more. I would even pay off George Martin to write more
books just so I am entertained for the next 40 years. This combines love, hate, gore, sex, evil, good, and adventure
perfectly into a fine mix which should be savoured. Truly I hope I
haven't bigged it up to much. However it is incredible
"
"549" "
An amazingly strong cast of Britains best actors and actresses work
alongside some of their quality Stateside fellows. A strong script
taken from a well loved series of books, weaves and creates a place
populated by real people where the cut and thrust of normal life plays
alongside the Epic nature of the Royal and Knightly families. Scenery,
wardrobe, CGI, etc all maintain the highest of HBO's standard.I am sure there are some, aka the \"Twighlight\" type audience, who will
find this story too complex, too \"wordy\" and too epic to grasp. But
those of us who loved HBO's \"ROME\" and the screen epic \"LOTR\", watch
this series with wonder and a big smile on our faces.......Raymond E
Feist's \"Magician\" next please.All at HBO take a bloody well deserved bow.......
"
"550" "
Intricate and compelling, very well written. There is probably not more
I could say that haven't already being said.I just want to remark on how well developed all the characters are,
even the bad guys which is rare. I especially enjoyed the women
characters of the show, all portrayed as exceptional and strong-willed.
You may disapprove of their actions, like the queen's incestuous
relation, Lady Stark's prejudice against her husband's bastard son, or
Daenerys Targaryen's submissiveness at the beginning of the show, but
you must admire the strength, ambition, and determination of these
ladies. Not like other shows where women are simply weak, victims, or
crazy cartoonish evil. And my absolute favourite character is the imp, Lord Tyrion Lannister,
quick-witted and clever. What a refreshing show.There better be a season 2 or I will cancel HBO.
"
"551" "
I am completely blown away by this series. After spending my fourth of
July finishing all ten episodes (No, I am not a recluse, I was just so
hooked that I found nothing else worthwhile of my time), and finding
out that the next season won't be released for another year, I've been
obsessively looking at posts on the discussion board in hopes of
putting my impatience and restlessness at ease. Seeing as that was
unproductive use of my time, I decided to write this review instead so
that I could at least get some final thoughts off my chest and
hopefully get some sleep afterward. The beginning of episode one was a
little slow, as they are with all TV series- they need to introduce
characters and set the framework for the entire show, rest assured it
picks up quickly. A lot of people seem to have a basis of comparison
for this show, having been avid readers of the books by GRRM. For the
large majority of readers, they haven't been disappointed with this
adaptation. To those of you who haven't read the books, coming from a
non-reader herself, the show will have the same brilliant effect. Yes,
there are a lot of characters, but after episode 1, you slowly get the
hang of it, and each episode leaves you craving for more. The acting is
superb and incredibly believable, even the minor characters play their
part exceptionally well. HBO has never disappointed me with their
quality productions, and Game of Thrones is yet another masterpiece. My
only hope is that it doesn't meet the same fate as Rome and Deadwood,
because, boy would that be a shame.
"
"552" "
This series will hook you in by the end of the first episode. I didn't
read the books prior to watching the series but I have finished the 1st
novel now and love it! I have enjoyed this series more than any series
HBO has done since the Sopranos and Rome. HBO did a great job of
transferring the viewer in to the seven kingdoms. It appears that the
writers for the series took every 80 pages of the novel and used them
to each episode. Very true the books and may be the best series
adaptation ever done. It is truly my hope that HBO continues this
series in the same manner. If they continue to stay true to the novel
and use 70 to 90 pages as an episode I will not miss an episode. Thanks
again HBO!
"
"553" "
This must be a special series, as I have never submitted a post before
in my life! And I came a little late to the \"Game,\" having watched the
first and second episodes back-to-back in the second week of the
season. I was so blown away by the production quality and potential of
the story line that I went straight to the store and purchased all 4 of
the books. Talk about exceptional...I finished all 4 books in 2 1/2
weeks! HBO has me hooked and George R.R. Martin is my new hero. I just
hope that HBO doesn't stop the series before it gets to the end of
what's already written. Here's to my new favorite show and book
series...can't wait for Dance with Dragons!
"
"554" "
My vote of 8 is just beginning as I'm watching only first season in
Russian language. I can say I believe in future 10 of 10 to this
Creation! You can see a lot of human feelings like friendship, envy,
hate, greed, woman psychology at queen's throne and her power!!! Always
respect your Queens! - as they are your last and strongest wall behind
you who won't let you FALL! I'm always while watching movie trying to
find philosophy of the author or director and all of action and high
budget searchers suggest this! I'm not official voter, but I am man!
Man who loves his life and believes that life is amazing! Wish you all
learn from this series something to GOOD!!!!! Big thanks to creators of
this movies and thanks all of you who have read my opinion about this
movie and understood me, because understanding of written is very
difficult comparing to speaking with person! Have a nice watch all!
"
"555" "
For far too long did I put off watching this series because of my
pre-conceived notion that it was a re-hashed Lord of the Rings rip-off.
I have a feeling that many people who have not yet experienced Game of
Thrones are those who have the same misconceptions that I had. I did
enjoy The Lord of the Rings trilogy, but I found this TV series to be
on a completely different level.Sean Bean's performance as the steely-eyed Lord Eddard Stark is
commendable, but it is Peter Dinklage and his portrayal of Tyrion
Lannister, the witty and wise dwarf born in to privilege, that steals
the show for me. It is very rare that a TV show can truly give the viewer a
roller-coaster of emotions, but Game of Thrones certainly lives up to
that billing. There are scenes that will make you laugh (though this is
far from a comedy), scenes that will leave you sobbing, and scenes that
will have you screaming at the action on the screen. Episodes will
finish and leave you with your jaw on the floor, eager to find out what
happens next time. In short, you do not have to be a fan of epic fantasy to enjoy this
series. If you are a fan of emotive story lines and fantastic acting
along with some amazing special effects, then this is definitely for
you.
"
"556" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"557" "
To start, I must first say that George R.R. Martin's books in this
series, \"A Song of Ice and Fire,\" are the best novels I've ever read.
Martin has a talent that most writers don't have. He's unpredictable.
In a world of writers that rely on twists and needless complexity to
keep the reader guessing, with few exceptions, Martin treats his
characters with ruthless indifference. You may never know if a
character you've grown to love will survive the next page. This is not
a fantasy series in the traditional sense. While there is magic in
Martin's books, it is generally kept to the fringes of the storyline.
There is no Gandolf in \"A Game of Thrones.\" The books are largely based
around intrigue and the workings of powerful families vying for power
amidst a world in turmoil. There are a LOT of characters in these
novels, but this was never a problem as the central characters number
maybe a dozen and Martin creates very believable and memorable
personalities. You will never confuse Cersei Lannister for Catelyn
Stark, and don't dismiss this offhand for Catelyn can be every bit as
ruthless as Cersei is. This is another of Martin's gifts. He doesn't
create archetype characters. Jamie Lannister, as you've seen at the end
of the pilot episode, is a despicable human being, but later in the
series, there is something very pathetic and appealing about him.
Tyrion, by far my favorite character in the books, is foul,
underhanded, pathetic and for some reason... utterly brilliant. This
brings up my first problem with the casting though.In the books, Tyrion is not only a dwarf, but his visage is almost
sickening. This is the driving force behind his motivations and the
reason he chooses to pay for lovers. Peter Dinklage may be a dwarf /
midget, but he's not ugly. He's just little. I was impressed by his
acting ability though and have high hopes for the character.I was very impressed with the pilot episode. It stuck largely to the
book, though some of the scenes differed a bit. The conversation
between Cersei and Jamie at John Arryns services did happen, but not in
that setting nor in that sequence of events. The scene between Cal
Drogo and Daenerys following the marriage did not occur in this way. In
the book, Cal Drogo was amazingly tender with Daenerys and did not
force her in the way that it appears in the pilot. There are a number
of these minor deviations throughout the pilot, which, of course, is to
be expected. My biggest complaint though is the treatment of the
prologue, the ranging that takes place at the beginning of the pilot.
The pilot makes it seem as if the ranging takes place mere hours after
passing through the Wall, yet they were around a week or two into the
ranging when they come upon the dead wildlings. In addition, there is
an odd deviation here in which Will survives and Gared dies. In the
books, Will actually dies at the hands of an undead Waymar Royce while
Gared escapes and ends up beheaded by Ned Stark. The scene was cool in
the prologue, but it is so much more intense in the book. All in all
though, a great start to the series. Most of the characters are cast
quite well and the characters are largely in keeping with Martin's
creations.One last point I want to make..., you probably already know that A Game
of Thrones is set in an alternate world. A world in which summers can
last for years and winters can last for decades. I've read a number of
reviews that pan this as some kind of environmental message. This isn't
the case. In fact, this is scientifically plausible in a world having
more than one moon, which this world does have. We're lucky here on
Earth that our single moon keeps us in a stable orbit.
"
"558" "
I know I am going to sound like a total fanboy, but what a spectacular
job they have done with game of thrones!! The casting is like plucking
the imagery, that author Martin has so richly set, straight from my
brain. Normally, with any book adaptations, the expectation of the
characters and their core traits, both physically and emotionally, is a
rare probability. HBO has absolutely nailed it. The acting is top
notch, the set design pinnacle (pause your dvr sometime and notice the
intricacies of the various elements within each set), and the script
does exquisite justice to Martin's imagery. I can only anticipate the
growing intricacies of the plot lines to come, and cannot wait to see
each character develop as the story unfolds. I have thought for several
years that no show could give me the rush of emotion and anxiety as I
experienced watching \"Band of Brothers\", HBO has trumped themselves,
and I believe have created the greatest production of a show ever to
graced television. I also give the earliest possible prediction that
Peter Dinklage will get nominated for both an Emmy and a Golden Globe
for either best actor or best supporting, and he should win one if not
both. I urge anyone who has not done so to watch this series, and enjoy
getting lost in a tapestry of richly woven threads.
"
"559" "Add another review"
"560" "
The producers of this series have, so far, done a spectacular job. As a
fan of the books (yes, I've read them all), the visual depictions of
the characters and the scenery are spot-on with with how I had imagined
they would appear (except Jamie Lannister and I don't know why!).
However, I am amazed at the popularity of this series. I say this
because, as I watch each episode, I couldn't imagine anyone truly being
able to follow the storyline unless they've read the books. There is
such a mountain of internal dialog and details that are not conveyed by
film -- which is true with most book-to-film renditions. Watching the
series after having read the books makes for a highly entertaining
experience. George R. R. Martin is, without a doubt, a master of his
craft. If not, THE master of his craft. 'Genius' and 'masterful' are
the words I use to describe Martin's masterpiece of literature {and
film}.The HBO series should easily be enjoyed on its own merit, but I highly
recommend that everyone read the books before watching the series -- it
will greatly enhance the experience.
"
"561" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"562" "
Firstly I would urge those of you who haven't read the book to do so.
The series is a dark and violent fantasy epic for the ages. The
characters are mostly human( though the book does mention a few other
sentient species). Unlike the wildly extravagant magical creatures in
LOTR, the main theme here is intrigue and political power struggle in
the continent of Westeros. The power rests with the royal houses of
Arryn, Stark, Baratheon, Lannister, Tully, Targaryen and others who are
all embroiled in this war. The action is sporadic and understated and
more is implied than said.The author of the book series George RR Martin is also closely involved
with the production of the show and thus has kept it close to his
books. The special effects are decent and the narrative is brilliant. I
personally believe this show will do more justice to it's parent books
than the LOTR trilogy since there is no time limitation in a TV show
and all the events can be covered well.
"
"563" "
As far as entertainment goes, this is a must watch. Book-and TV-series
both. If you are browsing these parts of the woods (imdb, and forum)
you cannot do yourself justice by passing up A Song of Fire and Ice:
Game of Thrones.It has everything any average viewer might enjoy; great Irish scenery,
a marvelous cast, each and every acting contribution flawlessly
incorporated into this vast, epic saga of perfected genuine
storytelling. Modern/urban fantasy story at it's grandest, incredibly
visceral and layered characters, the effects are top-notch, some small
essence of mystical, fantastical magic in the background, beautiful
script mostly staying true to it's father, A Song of Ice and Fire by
R.R. Martin. And the great effort done on the details, making the lands of Vesteros,
mind-numbingly real.10/10 As good as it gets.
"
"564" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"565" "
For those of you who are not familiar with \"A Song of Ice and Fire\"
fantasy series comprising of 4 novels till date by George R. R. Martin,
HBO presents to you an opportunity to indulge in a medieval fantasy
drama, an epic tale of seven noble families of a continent \"Westeroes\",
fighting amongst themselves to control the Iron throne. George R. R.
Martin had conceptualized the fantasy novel, a saga of warfare among
the various tribes of Westeroes, after working for various television
shows in the 1980s such as Beauty and Beast, Twilight Zone etc, as
screenwriter. The writer after publishing 4 novels surrounding the
throne, considered the conception of a television series a rare
possibility, since the channels had argued that novel involves a large
number of characters and possibly, requires a high budget. However, the
premiere has been appreciated by Martin, who applauded the impeccable
depiction of the world by creators David Benioff and D.B. Weiss.The series has been appreciated widespread after an extensive
promotion, for instance, U.K. viewers clumped to the debut on Sky
Atlantic of \"Game of Thrones\", and acknowledged the series better than
earlier signature show \"Boardwalk Empire\". According to a wide majority
of viewers, the series may not be comparable to \"Lord of Rings\" as was
speculated, but definitely regarded it as an excellent adaptation of
the novel and further complemented the work of biggie \"Sean Bean\" who
plays Lord Eddard Stark.HBO has further renewed the series for a second season. The pilot
titled \"Winter is Coming\" was slow and introductory, an indication to
the superb series that will follow. The episode illustrated how King
Baratheon suspected an uprising against him following the death of his
adviser, and calls for the help of Lord Eddard. The start of the
episode was thrilling, nerve-reeking by the presence of \"White
Walkers\", the \"others\" you know, if you have read the novel, the first
in the series. The man who survived and later executed as a deserter
was one of the night watchers who guarded the wall which barred the
passage of \"others\". Since, the others were not seen for thousands of
years, Lord Eddard played by Sean regarded the man's claim to have seen
them baseless and utter madness. The last scene where Jamie pushes the
boy off the tower after he saw him with Queen Cersei would have totally
put viewers on edge. I adored the last shot, and is definitely a good
move to retain and bring back viewers.I loved the first episode, it gave me the feeling that series will be
awesome, and would eventually get better. Since, the creators have
stuck to the original story, supported by exemplary acting, and art
direction, it will propel. It is a high budget series by HBO with a
season estimation of US$60 million, even greater than Rome, and good
for HBO the series has received positive reviews, with the pilot
suspected to have fetched US$2.5 million overseas. Thus, the series
promises umpteen entertainment for adults.
"
"566" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"567" "
Let me start from the expectations which grew as soon as i heard that
they are making a TV series on book (thanks GOD not a movie). Then came
the poster with Sean Bean sitting on a throne and that said it all.If you are looking for some real medieval epic adventure this show is
for you, even if not do watch it and you will be amazed by the way it
is presented. I loved the pilot and desperately looking forward to the
next episodes( wish it will not discontinued). Direction is brilliant,
locations are amazing, acting does justice to the show. A dark show
with very serious theme, background score is great by Ramin Djawadi
(prison break). All in all a great new show on TV.
"
"568" "
I'm just going to say it: Game of Thrones is a grossly, grossly,
GROSSLY overrated series. People act like this is one of the greatest
series ever made. I say that's bullshit! Game of Thrones is so f*cking
boring. The plot lines are everything we've seen in this type of story
before. Every episode feels formulaic. It drags along often. The acting
is subpar. Sometimes the actors seem more interested in the money they
are about to get than the roll they are portraying. Other times they
are WAY overacting to where it just gets annoying. The set design,
while nice looking, is still generic as all hell. It is the same forest
and \"mythological environments that we've seen in Lord of the Rings or
Princess Bride. I cannot believe this lasted more than a season and has
a rating of a NINE POINT F*CKING FIVE on IMDb! It's not the worst show
ever but it should not be grouped with shows like Breaking Bad. Oh, and
did I mention that the fanbase is almost as bad as the bronies?
"
"569" "
Reading the book you get into a really grim world. This did not happen
in the first episode. To be honest, based on this series of book you
should be able to cast a masterpiece in TV history. However, this did
not happen. Hopefully the following episodes shall be more grim, as is
the series of books, the ages and situations portrayed in those. There
should be less focus on the graphics and more on the characters and
acting to display the tough emotions and situations they are going
through (Hint: make the actors read the books).Nevertheless I am very happy that HBO is doing the series and being a
fan of the books I shall be looking forward for the new episodes. Thank
you for bringing this on screen.
"
"570" "
Just finished the first season. I'm usually not too interested in
fantasy type shows or movies. I was a bit skeptical halfway through the
first episode that it might not be for me, but now after I have
finished the full season I would have to say that it is by far the
greatest television show ever made! Across the board from set to
performances, from story to production, this here is flawless
television good friends! A single hour episode of this show will make
any other show aired throughout the entire week look like complete
joke... and they are. We desperately need more entertainment of this
quality on our TVs!
"
"571" "
The following is just my opinion and should not be misconstrued as
fact.\"When you play the game of thrones, you win or you die\" Game of Thrones\"Forget the promise of progress and understanding. For in the the grim
dark future there is only war.\" Warhammer 40KIn my opinion GOT is a rehash of too many authors hard work. I
acknowledge that nothing is new or original but I feel that for GOT he
does not even attempt to be so. One of the biggest mistakes I made was
to read Bulfinchs Mythology around the same time as GOT, at times I was
certain I was reading the same story.If you enjoyed the character deaths in GOT I'd highly recommend
reading(If you're able) Dan Abnetts Warhammer 40k novels. Character
deaths have meaning while at the same time show the waste of war and
how it can strike anyone randomly, they move the plot forward without
being dwelt upon too much but are not just glossed over.To close this scattered collection of thoughts I'll give an example of
one of the largest failings in GOT, the Red Wedding. While the lead up
to the action is ham-fisted and unbelievable the event itself is fine.
My gripe is that the \"Rules of Hospitality\" that had been important up
to that point are thrown away to show Walders cunning. However!!! This
oh so important traditional rule of not harming someone that takes
\"your meat and mead\" bears no repercussions when broken. Anyway, just my opinion and I apologize for being all over this place
with my thoughts. I suppose I should also mention I've watched all the
current seasons and have read all of the books in the series up to this
date.
"
"572" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"573" "
This is my first review on IMDb and I was honestly so disgusted by this
\"adaptation\" that I had to write this just to let out some steam.
Apologize in advance if it's a bit 'ranty' and 'rambley'First let me say, obviously, that I am a fan of the books. I actually
had never read them until recently, and with all the hype for years
about the show I figured I'd finally see what all the fuss was about.
But I had to read the source material first; like I said, love the
books. Martin has built a kind of Tolkienesque world more at a human
level with a dark and black/white/gray grittiness you normally get from
something by Joe Abercrombie or Mark Lawrence. But hey, not talking about the book here, talking about the \"show\".Like I said, I was super excited to watch this show. I had heard it was
very faithful to the books and that the acting was amazing and the
effects over the top and it was the second-coming-of-the-lord- of-
shows and yadda yadda, it's amazing, right? As I read certain scenes in the books: such as Danny going through the
House of the Undying, or Lord Beric fighting Clegane with a flaming
sword I couldn't help but to imagine the bad-assery in my head and
couldn't wait to see it on screen. Yet after watching a few episodes I just had to say, WTF! Okay, the
Wights and Others looked amazing and I was very excited from the
get-go, (not necessarily the exact adaptation of the book but artistic
licence is okay sometimes). Awesome way to start off the show! Aaaaand
that was about the only great thing I found about this over-blown,
terribly acted, big budgeted, softcore-porn POS. Words cannot describe how utterly disappointing and just plain gross
this show is. The acting is good by a few characters, I'm a big Sean
Bean fan and couldn't have imagined a better Eddard Stark and most of
the characters look faithful enough and close to what I imagined so
that's fine. (Jon Snow though -_- looks like he should be lead singing
in One Direction, not a bad-ass Wight Slaying Black Brother that can
ride for days with a seeping arrow wound. But I digress...) Anyways
most look great until they open their mouths... Did I say terrible
acting? Well I'll say it again, the acting mostly is on par with one of
those monthly Syfy exclusives (Sharknado anyone?)And I know that adaptations rarely if ever stay %100 true to the source
but man this is taking it to another level. Things they change just for
the hell of it make me wonder if they even read the books. Arya being
good at shooting a bow from the start for example, when the Arya from
the book mentioned many times how she wished she could learn to shoot.
What reason was there to change that?? Just a small example, but the
show is riddled with the small slaps in the face like this so you get
my point. Not only these small changes but huge story altering changes
as well. I understand sometimes budgetary issues get in the way of
certain scenes but for the love of God don't puss out and re-wright
everything just for the seeming what-the-hell of it. Oh and I hear
they're bringing Ned back to life in Season 6, nice job fellas! Haven't
seen writing this good since my mother used to force me to watch
Guiding Light as a child.I won't go into detail about every little thing that disappointed me
about this show because I would be writing all night and no one wants
to read a hundred page rant. I just think that this show gets waaaaayyy
too much credit and acclaim.I'll finish by saying: If you like the books, avoid this one. Ever read
Eragon? Ever watched that movie? Well that was Pulp Fiction and Lord of
the Rings and The Godfather compared to this utter garbage.
"
"574" "Add another review"
"575" "
This perversity parade is DEAD SERIOUS. Dead serious about glorifying
totally boring, totally banal, totally petty human aggressive impulses.This show tries to push boundary over and beyond deepest recesses of
(what's left of) viewers' souls. The great minds artfully constructs
and expertly re-framed the yuckiest visuals of mangled, disfigured,
putrid human body bits into barely edible forms acceptable by the
bloodthirsty, pent-up mainstream. It succeeded! Bloody no-holds-bar brutality is now the new political
correctness! Yay! This is a perfect show for those who take feral beastly human behavior
VERY SERIOUSLY! Like, wow, mere combo of the usual blood and sword and
breasts and dragons and fantasy kitsch costumes equal SERIOUS great art
or something!The biggest crowd pleaser goes to... DEAD SERIOUS parades of FEMALE
BODY HUMILIATION !!Very fair distribution of female hatred and humiliations too: all
classes of all age group of females are covered: prepubescent girls,
peasant sisters, princesses, exotic escorts, mommy queen...all
stripped, poked, stabbed, sliced open, hung, paraded, trashed, spat on,
MERCILESSLY DISFIGURED WITH all sorts of sharp hard weapons and
stinkiest filth and vilest concepts one can think of. Great
achievements...The uglier and more gruesome the spectacle, the pettier and meaner the
torture scenes and female disfigurement, the louder the planet of the
apes cheer from probably some kind of orgasmic catharsis! 11 out of
10!!!Oh yes, it has a plot. Nice sets. Good actors. Long story arc, yada
yada.Please don't censor this show though. Let the raging hatred and toxic
bile flow. Let it all out. so that the evolved ones could use this as a
barometer to filter out chimps from supposedly civilized potential
mates. So that one day in the future, we could use this as a text book
to teach our great grand children about our residual-chimpanzee legacy.
"
"576" "
I watched GoT until the end of the 4th season. It's about nothing but
soft porn and uncensored disgusting deaths. The story is much slower
than by LotR (which is slow), and there are no great battle scenes
which could make it better. There is just talking, sometimes sword
fight, torturing, that's all, no one to empathize with, nothing to
learn from, nothing exciting. Even watching ants is more fun (I guess).
It is like a bubble, shiny, full of colors, but there is nothing
inside, there is no value in it. I guess people who don't want to
think, just watch, can really enjoy it. Good for them, but not for me.
I decided not to waste my time with this series ever again. :-)
"
"577" "
This adaptation (so far) is without a doubt the best I've ever seen.
Few books ever make the transformation from script to screen without
loosing something monstrously important to whomever has read it and
taken it to heart. We can all reel them off..HBO really have pulled it out of the bag with Game of Thrones. The
sets, characters and costumes are perfect, they've even kept huge
segments of dialog exactly the same. The location, the characters, the
king's road, the dragon egg's, the mad king, the loyal friend, the
bastards, the dwarfs, the traitors, the plotters, the unholy lovers,
the pet-wolves, the night's watch, the WALL, the blue eyed spirits of
the haunted forest, the prince with blonde hair, the tyranny
surrounding the word Khal Drogo, the gulf of grief, the chameleon
Baelish, and much much more!This show is so damn Good
"
"578" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"579" "
Wow. Just... wow. The ONLY thing I knew for sure (SPOILER ALERT!!) was
that Tyrion would not die, and Jamie would be the one who saved him.
And, when Tyrion killed Shea in the 'Hand's bedroom, I said to the
hubs, \"Where's Tywinn? Taking a sh*t?\" Ha ha!! I am oh so pleased with
this final episode of this season, and I cannot wait to find out
precisely how Cirsei will react in the morning to find Daddy dead, and
precisely what the little man taking care of Mountain (damned SOB
didn't die??? That ticked me off) means by, if he survives, \"He might
not be the same.\" What, he'll don a tutu and do \"Swan Lake\"?? And that
Lord Varys... Alas, the thing that did break my heart was Dany having to put her
babies in chains. She will probably have to kill the remaining free
baby. Such is life when one wants to be Queen, yet have no slaves.
Doesn't work. I loved it, all, regardless.
"
"580" "
Yes the acting seems a little cold and even wooden at times, but this
is perfectly in keeping with the medieval look and feel of the show.
Yes it is dark and gloomy, but again in keeping with the narrative.^^The series follows the books very closely, so its no surprise that
the movie seems \"gloomy\" as the books have been given reviews along
this same path. There are a few sections that drag, like any book, but
for the most part it moves pretty fast, and beware, Martin has zero
allegiance to his character, hint, hint, and the last episode is
proving of that. Again, the story follows the books well, I guess this
explains why we Martin book readers were pulling our hair out waiting
for the next book, because he is HELPING make the dang thing...er...I
fear the next book is going to be just as painfully long away in
making!
"
"581" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"582" "
Watched Game Of Thrones Featuring Featuring Sean Bean(Lord Of The
Rings:The Fellowship Of The Ring) as Eddard \"Ned\" Stark ,Kit
Harington(Testament Of Youth) as Jon Snow, Peter Dinklage(The
Chronicles Of Narnia:Prince Caspian) as Tyrion Lannister , Richard
Madden(Birdsong) as Robb Stark,Jason Momoa(Conan The Barbarian) as Khal
Drogo .Alfie Allen(The Other Boleyn Girl) as Theon Greyjoy , Lena
Headey(300) as Cersei Lannister ,Nikolaj Coaster-Waldau(Blackthorn) as
Jaimie Lannister,Maisie Williams(Gold) as Arya Stark, Emilia
Clarke(Spike Island) as Danerys Tagaryen , Gwendeoline
Chiristie(Wizards Vs. Aliens) as Brienne Of Tarth,Julian Glover(Indiana
Jones and The Last Crusade) as Maester Pycell ,Natalie Dormer(The
Tudors) as Margery Tyrell, Kristofer Hivu(After Earth) as Tormund
Giantsbane , Rose Leslie(Downtown Abbey) as Ygritte, Nathalie
Emmanuel(Maze Runner:The Scorch Trials) as Missande, Indria
Varma(Luther) as Ellaria Sand ,Rory McCann(Hot Fuzz) as Sandor
Clegane/The Hound, Liam Cunningham(Clash Of The Titans) as Davos,Hafþór
Júlíus Björnsson(Zon 261) as Gregor Clegane/The Mountain, Hannah
Murray(The Numbers Station) as Gilly ,Stephen Dillane(King Arthur) as
Stannis Baratheon , Mark Addy(A Knights Tale) as Robert Baratheon,
Keisha Castle-Hughes(Star Wars:Revenge Of The Sith) as Obara Sand,
Pedro Pascal(The Adjustment Bureau) as Oberyn Martell, Charles
Dance(Alien 3, Your Highness) as Tywin Lannnister and Spencer
Wilding(Ghost Rider:Spirit Of Vengeance) as The Whitewalker(s)/ The
Nightking . The Series is Fantastic for Combining the Scale and
Mysticism Of the High Fantasy Genre as well as the Authentication's of
Events that took place in Medieval time Period great acting in each
episode and more importantly great characters all get pretty layered
over and glad the character's we hate have bitten it for the most part
as well. the course and glad it's building up to what we want see for
the past 6 seasons so excited for season 7 my only issues are sometimes
excessive nudity also The Torturing of Theon Greyjoy was a bit
disturbing for me though I understand they were trying present it an
authentic fashion as it was done in those times. Great Costume Design
by Michele Clapton(Sense & Sensibility ) & April Ferry(Elysium) ,great
Score By Ramin Djawadi(Iron Manl),Showrunner(s) D.B. Weiss (Always
Sunny In Philadelphia) & David Beinoff(Troy) An Authentic High Fantasy
TV Series 8/10
"
"583" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"584" "
No doubt many take this show seriously because folks will take anything
seriously. Just attend any Star Trek convention to see what I mean.
That doesn't mean the show the fans go nuts for isn't enjoyable or that
the fans aren't having a great time. Star Trek in its many iterations
had and has a lot going for it as does GoT. Many whine and bleat about the sexual content or the violence or both.
These complaints have merit in that the fact is that this series is
Dark Ages violent and contains enough voyeuristic sex to keep any 12
year old boy going for months. The violence is hardly even up to the level that really has happened
here on Earth at most times in human history. The worst we see as
warfare is a good deal less than, say, the Vikings inflicted on the
rest of Europe for many years. The worst of the violence likely is a veiled slight at religion. At one
point, a dad burns his wonderful daughter alive to appease a god.
Earlier, he did the same to many others not related to him. In another
sub story we get a one on one torture - against nasty but also nothing
that even approached what the Inquisition did to its targets. The sex is just silly and childish. The only persistent real romance we
have among adults is a long standing incestuous one between a brother
and sister. The rest is either male homosexual grab me while I grab you
or recreational friction. Women have two states as adults. They can either be arch schemers or
sex toys. The series persists in the laughable myth that a woman can be
a long term prostitute and then, after 25 or so years of this, still
appear to be a fresh as a daisy starlet. They also, for the most part,
enjoy themselves immensely while servicing any male who wanders into
their place of business. I suppose at graduation from high school girls are offered those two
career paths. Most seem to choose being a prostitute.All this goes on while the entire place is under threat of, believe it
or don't, a zombie attack unless the dragons attack first. As I said, great fun.
"
"585" "
It's an amazing show.My Friends keep telling me that it is a must
watch.I watched it recently.I feel really bad for not watching it
earlier.My friends also told me that it might seem not so good
initially during 4 or 5 episodes.So,I started watching it at a weekend
and Oh my God,I can't stop myself after I get into it.I ate only 2
times in a day.I completed full 5 Seasons in 3 days..watching it even
midnight.It literally blows away my mind. Peter Dinklage(Imp) is my
Favorite character.But all Characters are detailed.The seems like it
Really exist.Theme music is great. when Jon snow died,I was like
WTF.But I think he had a contract for few more Seasons so it's no
wonder if he comes back...maybe with the help of red lady. White
walkers seems something out of this world..but they seems quite amazing
in the Show.When night's king,on his horse over the mountain, looked
Jon snow,it gave me a chill in my spine..that's the best moment for me.
HBO has done a great work.It's better than movies. Can't wait for
Season 6...A must watch show.
"
"586" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"587" "
*Contains Spoilers*Somewhere in the middle we expected a huge alliance between two great
families that would end as peaceful bounds. We were waiting to see that
it would be a grand celebration full of joy and reaching the
long-awaiting revenge and winning a great war. But suddenly there were
bloods everywhere, where every single member of present family was
brutally killed and stabbed. That was horrifying and that was a Red
Wedding. After that particular scene the interest grew to Game of
Thrones making it a first classic recent novel and TV-Show where
unusually main characters either die or face the injustice. This is
kingdom of Westeros where brutality, cruelty, injustice, betrayal and
hardships take place. This is a kingdom where brutal man rule and only
the strongest survive. A place where you should be no more than a
cunning bastard to survive everything by luring a young girl into a
marriage against her will whereas to protect her. It's a world where no
one pity you, no one feels sorry for anything. It's a place where a
little girl survives on her own by taking life for granted. A family
who's blind to see that power isn't everything. Children gets the
answer for the actions of their parents, a man who protects his brother
gets his father killed, a whore who betrays, a devoted man gets killed
for planning defense his own men. This is not just a drama, romance,
crime or adventure. This is everything. Every little scene, every
little talk, even a gesture matters to understand Game of Thrones.
Every viewer may expect everything from the show. Cause anything can
happen. This is what makes it so incredibly exciting to follow. Each
episode is assured to be thrilling and captivating to watch. For those
who will start watching it: it's so perfect and entertaining that you
will be craving for more! This is a series that stays true to the book.
The depth, the complexity and drama is very well captured in the
Series. It's very rare nowadays to see the film adaptation which is so
close to the book. It's remarkable indeed. In every perspective it's
bold, powerful and fantastic. And it's a fantasy that bites!
"
"588" "
it was a nice TV series for me. the last TV series i watched are knight
rider and mcguyver and it was a very very very long time ago. the
actors and actresses from this series are magnifecently great and im
glad that the other actors and actresses are given a chance to show
their talents and craft not like our celebrities here in the
philippines, they used the same celebrity over and over again. their
character will be dead on the next episode because they are doing
another role in other TV series in the same studio. but i noticed some
problem game of thrones, why the director or writer they frequently
changed what is already happened in the books.
"
"589" "Add another review"
"590" "
Game of Thrones is one of those shows that I avoided watching for a
long time because usually I find that when everyone is telling me to
watch a show and that it is awesome, and there is so much hype building
up around it, I am pretty much always disappointed when I actually
watch the show and don't end up liking it. But I was totally wrong to
assume that would happen here!Game of Thrones is an excellent show. If I had to nitpick I would say
that maybe sometimes they race too quickly through story lines when I
would like to see a bit more of what is going on. It can be hard to
keep up with all the stories and characters but what there is here is
amazing, really amazing.I just find it harder to follow than most people because I guess I'm
one of the few people who has not read the books. I can't wait to see
more of this show!
"
"591" "
Enjoyable and mostly faithful version of the books with some plot
changes but the characters certainly in character and looks standing up
to the books except that Tyrion is more repulsive physically in the
books with each eye of a different color and a waddle lacking in the
film. He is the kindest of the Lannisters in both media and a clever
strategist.The archery, approaching ships with drums and wildfire at the Battle of
Blackwater, the undead walking past Samwell Tarly are excellently done.
Characters such as the Clegane's are well realized whilst Charles Dance
is perfect as Tywin Lannister. Cersei, Joffrey, Arya and Sansa are spot
on.Winterfell is not well served in the film. It looks a very small place
with a handful of filthy townsfolk muttering in a tiny courtyard and
reminding one of Blackadder. The soldiers might be out and about but
what has happened to the populace? This is not the mighty stronghold of
Eddard Stark. Compare King's Landing's treatment - a citadel of
comparable might.Those like the books will find the film's portrayals of the characters
appearing in their mind's eye; not a bad tribute to a film!
"
"592" "
I'm sure this is one of the best TV Series ever! Every thing is good
and even close to the perfection, but the thing is that it is not even
close to the original books! I'm just finished the first part of the
book three an I love it! Although I rate this TV Series 9/10 (I think
it is even deserve 10/10) but unfortunately it is not good as the
books! I think if this Serial was made more like the original book, it
could have became even much better! These casts and this story, have
more potential than this and I believe they can do even greater than
this! I like this TV Series but in compare to the George R.R. Martin's
books it is nothing! As I said I gave 9/10 ( even 10/10) to this TV
Series but when I compare it with the book,it is 4/10!! I really
suggest to anyone whom can read the book, to read it! It is really
something different! It's really magnificent!
"
"593" "
this is the most amazing TV series i have ever seen in my life. its
greatly written and well directed. thanks to george martin who is so
good in taking us to the world of fantasy land. the characters in this
show is so rich and each one has its own story. right from 8000 yrs ago
in westeores before the wall to aegons landing and after 300 yrs later
how Robert rebellion broke out and 17 yrs later how game of thrones
events happen and the king rode to north to ask for his best friends
help to look after his kingdom. most of the TV shows are very slow in
stories but this one have good pace and twist in every episode. i loved the way the george martin created all seven kingdoms, the major
houses and minor ,their culture, their sigil,the family tree their
appearances such as traits like their looks,hair, eyes and their words.
and mainly wall of north and what lies beyond.also they have shown nice
scenic landscapes and scenic beauty of the nature and did great job to
show how westeroes look like. i m also very excited about the seasons
the way it happens in westeroes and the winter with long night. it
takes best directors and filmmakers to understand this book and
transform it into great entertainment and truly they lived it upto the
standards. also the music track is such overwhelming and deep. right
from best opening sequence which takes to different part of westeroes
and neighbor continent with moving veiw map representation with such
powerful electrifying soundtrack.when u see game of thrones u must have some of the knowledge about book
song of ice and fire and should know about some past history and events
then u will enjoy this shows a lot. this show is not just about blood,
violence and swords. but about understanding each and every character
and their importance.u will love each and every scene of the every
episode and duologue's and conversation and will get drawn in each and
every character.i just culdnt hold myself to watch the next season of the game of
thrones even though i read the book.
"
"594" "
I loved the show from the very first episode and i could not stop.
after 24 hours i have seen the first season and wanted more. too bad i
had to wait a couple of months until season 2 was out. but what
happened then was strange. i totally forgot about the show until
shortly before the start of season 6. because of that i rewatched
season 1 and then continued with season 2 - 5 in less than a week
before season 6 started. i was shocked why i waited so long to continue
watching it. the characters are interesting, the storyline always
surprises you, the list of the great things is endless. the show is
very well written and the cast is perfectly chosen. there are
characters you immediately love and some you immediately hate. at the
beginning its very clear who the good guys are and who the bad ones
are. but over a couple of seasons this is getting more and more mixed
up since everyone has their own agenda and like in real life no one is
really only good or only evil and the actions of the characters are
often unpredictable. whats also interesting about this show is that
with season 1 it starts incredibly high in terms of quality and
storytelling and it stays this way until today. this is quite rare.
most shows either improve or decline after a couple of seasons but this
one stays always on top which is a very hard thing to pull off,
although season 6 might have taken a couple of shortcuts here and
there. A realistic Rating would be something like 9.3 to 9.5.
"
"595" "
The show is just amazing and worth spending time in front of screen!
Well, I was more interested in reading the books but after reading only
first book and then watching first season, opted not to read other
books before watching.. Yes, it is the biggest achievement of the show
that how justified it is to the book series.. The originality,
detailing and commendable acting, all contributes to making the show an
incredible one. Having just watched first season, I'm spell bound by it
and really looking forward to next seasons. Indeed, I postponed reading
the book series to not spoil the suspense because I definitely know how
things are going to be interesting.
"
"596" "
This show is not only the best show I've ever seen, it is always like
watching a cinematic movie. From moment to moment, sides change and
people you love may die. It never leaves you disappointed and there are
no bad episodes...just some that may change your complete attitude for
another character; always changing loyalties and building new
alliances. And that is where the show always surprises and shocks. You
never know, but you'll never forget. The actors/actresses are so
skilled in making this show a gem. They can go from good to bad to
worst. The rotten ones will blow your mind with their talents. You will
most probably watch each episode several times to sync your mind with
the names of all the characters...I never get bored watching the older
episodes. You will find things you missed, and covert operations
between kingdoms that will shock and thrill you. I'm not giving
anything away, as you will want to discover each episode and character
for yourself. Plenty of loved ones and people who you wish to
die...sometimes shortly before they do. This story could go on forever,
and you will want it to. Don't miss this...you will want to get
involved immediately!Valar Marghulis. Valar Dohaeris.
"
"597" "
It is such a beautiful and uplifting twist seeing Jon Snow coming back
to life! It is getting more exciting and really can't wait for more
episodes. The strong characters of every individual role complement
each other which will hook you up till the end. Jon Snow is the hot
topic at the comeback of Season 6. He's presence making a positive view
from the audience. His vital contribution to the whole story is really
needed and you can't get him out. The fact that the previously very-dead Jon Snow is now very not-dead on
Game of Thrones is perhaps one of the worst kept secrets in the show's
six-year history. But that didn't stop the production team from trying
to keep his return under wraps<U+0097>and they went to some pretty crazy
lengths to do so, like banning his name.Game of Thrones is now getting powerful, vibrant, exciting, and the
game is always on!
"
"598" "
Game of Thrones!!! Loosely based on the English War of Roses, writer
Martin added many outside elements to create an awe-inspiring fantasy
series. His books were adopted into TV series.It is the political story about an in-power family and other noble
families in the fantasy land of Westerros to control the continent.This series is full of twists and turns and it is hard to fit this in a
particular genre. Many moves were not on the expected lines with new
surprises in every episode.The directors leave each and every season at cliff hangers and audience
has to wait almost an year to know the fate of their favorite
characters.It hold an IMDb rating of 9.5 as of now (End of Season 5), which by no
means a smaller achievement. The rating it hold in IMDb tells it all!!!
"
"599" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"600" "
Catching up with the multitude of character both alive in dead where we
left in season 5 leads to a bunch of short segments that inform of
where most of the characters are at the beginning of this new sixth
season. The story picks up with the most pertinent mystery of Jon
Snow's death. The show does not give into the rumor mill, so far Kit
Harington only plays a corpse, and tell us whether he will come back
now or ever. I was a bit worried that he would rise from the dead as a
white walker. The show moves from their to the other North residents including the
Boltons who are still scheming for the throne but have a problem with a
now missing Sansa Stark, played by Sophie Turner. Her situation looks
dire until Brienne of Tarth, played by the increasingly popular
Gwendoline Christie, shows up to finally fulfill her promise to Catelyn
Stark.After the sixth season: Game of Thrones is the greatest show on
television flying high above some very healthy competition because it
never fails to raise the stakes and creates a world that viewers can
dive into. The twists were numerous and totally unexpected despite the
spoiler atmosphere of the internet. This HBO Show based on the novel by
George R. R. Martin has shown the potential of fantasy and set a high
watermark for what television hopes to achieve.This sixth season began with many of the characters either in dire
situations or recovering from a trauma. Check out more of this recap and others at swilliky.com
"
"601" "Add another review"
"602" "
I don't believe there has ever been anything like 'Game of Thrones' on
TV. The sheer amount of quality and talent in this series is
staggering. The actors (and I mean really ALL the actors), the
costumes, the visual effects, the make-up: everybody working on this
show seems to have wanted to make Television-history. And the writing
is just phenomenal.'Game of Thrones' may belong to the 'Fantasy' genre, but the world of
Westeros and its surrounding lands has been so amazingly well thought
through and is inhabited by characters that are so well drawn and
credible that everything you watch feels real. Every \"country\", every
city, tribe or family has such a richly detailed history and even
mythology that it just never feels like it was made up. Of course, that
was all already there in the books <U+0096> but translating that so perfectly
to a TV-show and with such care as was done here really is a rare
achievement.Yet for all its grandeur, scale and breath-taking visuals, what really
makes Martin's outstanding work come to life on the small screen is the
fantastic ensemble of actors. At the core of this show (any show,
really) are the characters. Tyrion, Cersei, Dany, Jamie and John (and
all the <U+0096> many <U+0096> others) don't lose anything of their complexity; the
amazing cast succeeds in showing all their respective characters' inner
conflicts and often questionable motivations and virtually no one comes
across as one-dimensional (except maybe for Joffrey).There have been a couple of great TV-shows over the last years, but
when it comes to scale AND quality, 'Game of Thrones' is <U+0096> at the
moment <U+0096> in a league of its own. A joy to watch: breath-taking, epic <U+0096>
and highly addictive <U+0096> Television. 10 stars out of 10.
"
"603" "
I love the cinematography and the actors in it. The story is Amazing &
the way they did their plot is very complex and interesting!!!!!! Love
it! I can't wait to watch the other episodes since i haven't seen the
rest! But, i know it's good! I am thrilled that your typical Knights &
shining armor story is so vividly entertaining & gives a different
element to the viewer. 100 thumbs up if i can! I can't wait to watch
the next episodes. Your show is the Hit and i will watch this over and
over again. Everything is well done and made! Why i think this show is
hands-down? I will tell you why. It gives off the suspense in the right
time and right moment. I will say, they did a very, pretty good job!
"
"604" "
Game of thrones has a great and addicting storyline. Multiple
characters with their own storyline that goes in depth. Even the misses
who isn't a fan of fantasy like story's at all is in love with the
show. Started reading the books because of the show. The best thing the
story does is making you think that certaing things won't happen or
that the story is impossible to evolve into something else from certain
points. And yet you keep getting surprised and the storyline keeps
evolving and getting better and better. Besides the gread in depth
story lines of the characters, the actors really know to play out the
character. Afther you watched the first season it won't take long
before you have watched everything. Please do yourself a favor and
start watching game of thrones.
"
"605" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"606" "
Game of thrones is the best TV Series till date. It is the best thing
ever happened to the Television. It has everything Fantasy, Horror,
Action, Advanture, Dragons, Sexual content, Love. I started watching
this TV Series last month. It had characters like Ned Stark, Khal
Drogo. When they died I felt like How can they die? They were the most
effective characters in season one. And after the death of Robb Stark
and his Mother I don't think any of the character is safe. They can
kill anyone at anytime. No matter how effective character is that. The
suspense is increasing as time is passing. The White Walkers, one of
the best mystery creatures I have ever watched. It was the last episode
of season 5 and they killed Jon Snow. Like seriously. He was the most
focused character in season 4 and 5. After watching that Now I can't
wait for season 6. Who will get the throne Khaleesi or House of Starks
(Jon Snow, Bran Stark and Arya Stark) or The Lannisters or The White
Walkers. Waiting for season 6 dreadfully.
"
"607" "
I don't think there is much else that can be written here about this
incredible series. But I thought of adding my personal angle on the
experience, as I am totally, irrevocably hooked on this show and cannot
wait to see the rest of it. When I first started to watch it I actually
found it a bit boring. I was never a real fan of fantasy, disliked the
Lord of the Rings series and thought this would not escalate on my
priority list. Bt so many friends were talking about it that I thought
of giving it a chance. I had a similar experience with Breaking Bad, so
it was worth trying. It took 5 or 6 episodes of season 1 to get there,
but very soon I became completely addicted to the show, to its
characters, to its unbelievable and unpredictable twists to the point
that now I am literally FEARING who, after losing so many of our
beloved protagonists, will be up next. Just a fantastic show that I
hope will continue for a long time and that I wish did non have such a
broad hiatus between seasons.
"
"608" "
I will start with saying that all these initial reviews on IMDb by the
users are laughable - people had watched just one or few episodes and
were dull enough to think they have tasted the full cake. Onwards with
the show - first episodes feel indeed leaving you very much puzzled
about who is who, what is going on, who are the persons mentioned in
ascribed events and how precisely were they involved. For the people
like me who haven't read the novel there is so much of story to soak up
that it's easily to get lost and to be left with a need to rewatch the
episode to fully grasp the big picture. But as the series continue and
plotting of characters (that you are already familiar with from the
first episode) progress you will start to clue the puzzling threads
together. And as events also progress the main characters become more
and more interesting, fascinating, sympathetic or abominable. I'd just
recently started watching the series and I don't regret making through
first few episodes. Each episode adds more and more to the table
leaving you wondering and wanting to see next one.
"
"609" "
\"king\" is but a mere title the people are the country The Game of Thrones received high ratings during its first season of
airing, it had a story that gives life to our imagination of our
childhood mythical bedtime stories.The setting is in a medieval time where vikings were ruling the
northern seas and were the most powerful in Europe during their reign.
The story revolves around the (royal family) Baratheon, (overthrown
royals) Targaryen, the Stark's, Lanister's, witches and gods.GOT, first started of with the story in northern territory of the
kingdom that is made up of 7 kingdoms, the story begins with Ned Stark
beheading a runaway knight watch member who happens to witness the
white walkers reviving the dead. The story progresses on as the late
king, Robert Baratheon, dies and his wife's son who happens to be the
son of Jaime Lannister who is the Queen's brother, takes over as king
and beheads Ned Stark sparking a war between the Northen territory,
Winterfell, who proclaimed themselves an independent kingdom after the
death of Ned.The Stark children are all separated, Arya in the good hands of people
whom she meets along the way, Sansa in the royal city, Robb preparing
for war with the other kingdoms who stands in his conquest of freeing
them from Baratheon/Lanister rule, Jon Snow (half-blood, Stark) in the
far north up beyond the wall as a Knight Watch, Bran now a limp, try to
find their way back to restore their broken family.Season 3 is much anticipated by viewers, because of the sudden climax
of the appearance of the White Walkers which seem to be pretty nasty
opponents. I just hope that there would be more story on Daenerys
Taygaryen and her dragon children.
"
"610" "
The best TV series I have watched, I have read. I liked the book very
much too.First of all, they made the Series were very similar to the book. I can
say, it is the best about that.First season was a season which prepare the main scenario, thats why
second season is better than first season, a little bit. The series is
getting more excellent by every season.Actors were good.There weren't effects very much expect blood and scar effects, but we
don't need effects very much already.I will not write about scenario because the series translated from a
book, if I review it, I will review the book, not the GoF.
"
"611" "
Love, betrayal, greed, murder, corruption<U+0085> All collides in mythical
world of Westeros. Where do I start..? Game of Thrones, is a show like nothing before.I started to watch that
and then I can't stop. I watched all seasons at a time.The cast is
perfect.Costumes are great.Scene and photography are amazing.I love all
of actors at the series.Specially Daenerys Targaryen.She is my
favorite. Normally you read the books, and then you watch the movie and you're so
disappointed, right? Not this time,my friends.This series is great as
the book.I'm just saying; Sit back and enjoy dear friends. 'Winter is coming!'
"
"612" "
My philosophy for the structure of a perfect movie holds true in the
realm of TV shows, as Emmy Award-winning Game of Thrones brilliantly
illustrates. The series transcends the simple and traditional genres of
fantasy or myth as its deeply complex story and large, strong cast of
rich, colorful, and layered characters convey themes that apply more
often to the politics and society of today's world than the mystical
Middle Ages. Once you watch Game of Thrones, you quickly lose the sense
that you're watching a fantasy as you're engrossed in the characters'
epic stories of a struggle for power, love, loss, betrayal, the quest
for justice, identity, coming of age, and so many others. This series
is truly one that can easily satisfy any and every viewer. 9.0/10
"
"613" "Add another review"
"614" "
Though I recommend a strong and mature mind to follow the story line,
the series is fantastic. From blood to deceit to sex, to whispered
secrets and false allies, to secretive passageways and clever plot
lines; the series is a grand masterpiece. The characters themselves
make the stories just marvellous. There's so many, yet none are the
same. Some are good, some are strong, some are honest, some are clever,
and some are stupid. Their actions can make you cringe or scream out in
delight, or you find yourself cheering on some and hating others, just
like any other good TV series. The actions that are taken, and how
events evolve into something more, is just so cleverly done, by both
the author and the creator of the TV series. (Would that be the author
too?)And though the story takes place in a medieval time period, with
fantasy creatures and knights with swords, the language is not all that
difficult to understand.The only con to this series is that there are SO MANY CHARACTERS.
Though I know each and every one, maybe read the books before so you
have an idea of who every one is. I know some people sometimes mix
other characters up, and the story moves quickly, so you MUST PAY
ATTENTION TO EVERY EPISODE.Either way, to any one who loves blood sex and drama, this series is
right up in your alley.For me, I can't imagine this story/series getting any better. And the
actors are fantastic, they make the story so much more real. They
really stick true to the book.
"
"615" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"616" "
Game Of Thrones is an excellent show. I didn't start watching until the
second season started. There was so much hype for this show I had to
see it myself. From the end of the first episode I was hooked. There
are a lot of surprises and I get emotional when watching. Now the
biggest issue people have with this show is nudity. It's an adult show.
There can be nudity. The people who think it isn't appropriate for TV
are nitwits because it's HBO and HBO tends to deal with mature themes
so you should know what you are getting yourself into. I find it funny
that people say that this is very derogatory towards women. Um yea
obviously. This is set in medieval times. Women weren't treated like
they are now. It's called being factually accurate. If it was different
the haters would nag on the fact that it isn't historically accurate.
Secondly, people criticize the violence. Again, medieval times,
historically accurate, so on and so forth. Thirdly, people think the
acting is bad. I disagree. The acting is superb. Sure it isn't amazing
every second, but what show is? Also people think that it ruined the
books. No. That's just wrong. Martin wouldn't be executive producer and
partial writer on the show if he didn't like it. As long as he is
there, he enjoys it. Also I will agree that the original source (the
books) are mostly much better because there is a lot more detail and
description, like every book that turns into a movie/TV show. People
will always complain about that but it is impossible to change. There
just isn't enough time in a season to show it all. Also people who
complain about the characters being different from what they should be,
those are your opinions. That's what YOU thought they should look like.
You can't use that as an argument. That's just dumb. This was the
artists vision. Martin obviously had a say in who was chosen for the
roles and he chose what he thought was the ideal person to match the
character. It's his vision and his art so if you have a problem with
it, deal with it. I mean sure it has it's flaws but for a TV show it is
damn near perfection. Give it a chance. If you like it, great. If you
don't, that's OK too at least you tried.
"
"617" "
Never seen such a plot. Everything is here. All the things forbidden by
religions of the world, which were actually present in the past. If you
are taking it seriously, then you would get to know what the writer
wants to convey. THE REALITY of humans! The show is about two clans, 1
in North and other in south. First season deals largely with North clan
and there battles with themselves. Main character is a Lord, Eddard
Stark, whose family lives in a cold region called Winterfell. There is
boundary in the city called as Wall, outside which White Walkers live,
supernatural characters. King Robert comes to meet stark and ask for
his help and ask him to go with him to his land and set matters right.
Ultimately the kings wife gets all the bad work done and be the reason
to start a war with the Starks. If you want a show with no bullshit,
grim reality of our kings and lots of honor filled characters, just
watch it.
"
"618" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"619" "
This show is absolutely stunning, HBO has completely captured the
essence of George R.R. Martins books, a song of ice and fire, and
turned it into a fascinating on-screen perception.The reason this series is so captivating is because its never clear
what will happen in each episode to come along with the absolute genius
storytelling. Before you know it, you see your favorite characters
killed off or plotted against in a manner which leaves the viewer
shocked and keeps them itching for more, no-one is safe at any point
during the series bringing a harsh but true reality to the show, to
draw a quote 'when you play the game of thrones you win or you die'.The first few episodes will be confusing for those unfamiliar to the
series and may put them off from continuing to watch, but if you stick
through it and keep watching there will come a point in the first
season where the show clicks with you and causes you binge watch the
entire series up until the point when you've caught up with where the
show currently is and then on after to look forward to each new
installment every week.To summarize, with the series intelligent plot lines and
unpredictability i would strongly recommend to anyone.A solid 10/10
"
"620" "
George R.R. Martin's magnum opus, A Song of Ice and Fire, has been
adapted into one of the finest television shows in recent memory and is
quickly and easily pushing the boundaries of television production and
its own network, HBO. Like most HBO productions, the stories are like
film serials that show us stories that would be too much for any single
2-hour movie to tell. Game of Thrones is a world-encompassing epic of
heroes, anti-heroes, magic, bastards and dragons, and the best dwarf on
television: Tyrion Lannister.If I were to put to words how to describe this magnificent show, I
would say just this one: Grand! Everything about Game of Thrones is
masterfully done with hardly any fault. The world of Westeros is
incredibly dense and not full of your black-and-white locations in a
typical television drama; many of the places are different, sharing
their own beauties and terrors, like The Wall, and King's Landing. The same traits can also be said about this show's cast of characters,
which is still an ever- growing plethora of protagonists and
antagonists to root for or against them. Yet even with this
ever-growing patch, you realise in the end that they're all still
inhabiting the same world, like a true epic fantasy story does so
wonderfully.Game of Thrones is the show of the generation, the magnum opus of the
small screen and an unsurpassed world-builder.
"
"621" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"622" "
*Spoiler/plot- Game of Thrones, 2011. Nine noble families fight for
control of the mythical land of 'Westeros'. Political and sexual
intrigue is commonly used to gain control. Robert Baratheon, King of
Westeros, asks his old friend Eddard, Lord Stark, to serve as 'Hand of
the King', or highest official. Secretly warned that the previous
'Hand' was assassinated, Eddard accepts in order to investigate the
assassination further. Meanwhile the Queen's family, the 'Lannisters',
may be hatching a plot to take power. Across the sea, the last members
of the previous and deposed ruling family, the 'Targaryens', are also
scheming to regain the throne. The friction between the houses Stark,
Lannister, Baratheon and Targaryen and with the remaining great houses,
'Greyjoy', 'Tully', 'Arryn', 'Tyrell' and 'Martell' leads to full-scale
war. All while a very ancient evil awakens in the farthest north.
Amidst the war and political confusion, a neglected military order of
misfits, 'The Night's Watch', is all that stands between the realms of
men and icy horrors that live beyond.*Special Stars- Cersei Lannister, Tyrion Lannister, Emilia Clarke, Arya
Stark.*Theme- Society can protect it's members, when it understands the
stakes.*Trivia/location/goofs- TV series. Episodic. Author George R.R. Martin
was asked if he had a resolution or ending to the seemingly endless
conflict. He replied that the end would be a cloud of dust or snow
being driven by the wind across a vast graveyard full of tombstones.
Features actors from two different adaptations of The Lord of the
Rings: Peter Vaughan, who played Denethor in the BBC Radio adaptation;
and Sean Bean, who played the character's son Boromir in the Peter
Jackson films.*Emotion- A dark violent Conan-like sword and sorcerer plot with
hundreds of lead characters than involve political intrigue and war.
Some of the more interesting characters involve woolly mastodons,
giants, cannibalism, and zombies with other fantasy races fighting and
existing in this human society. You had better seen the first episode
and keep watching in order because your understanding of the plot
points is counting on this to make sense out of the plot. I was lost
and uninterested finally.*Based On- Medieval and renaissance political history of the Dark ages.
"
"623" "
Wot a television series, if you like anything fantasy then this is for
you, it has it all, I'm just gutted the SEASONS are only 10 episodes
long(or is it 12, not sure ) then its a long year to get your fix of
another.....GREAT STUFF AND KEEP IT COMING...LONGER SEASONS PLEASE
PLEASE PLEASE. If you love fantasy then this is definitely for you, the
casting is superb, the acting is superb, the costumes are awesome, and
the scenery is something else, even the music is brilliant, i cant put
down in words how much i love this show, and count the days to the next
episode or season, i wont even watch any trailers that are released so
that i get more compulsive viewing...again 10/10 sheer brilliance, I'm
going to read the books next.
"
"624" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"625" "
this show has become my favorite after third episode ,,,and just
because it doesn't believe in fantasy worlds(ironically) or happy
endings It is just in your face ..... i have not read the books ,, but
will read soon. direction is at par and i think what works for the show
is writers great work ..(spoilers alert) they keep it true to the books
which helps viewers to connect with the this show even more. ... Maisie
Williams and Peter have played there characters really well won't talk
about storyline here since you will have to watch it to believe it
..great show keep it going .........thank you this is my first review
glad it was for this wonderful show....
"
"626" "
OK so I just finish watching both season 1&2 wow!!! wonderful excellent
movie. So where is season three? my god! how do I get to season 3? As
for the story line, it is better than Lords of the ring, don't get me
wrong that was a good show too. But this show just make u sit there
glued to the TV and not want to get up for fear u would miss something.
So I ask again: where is season 3 or the rest of the show?????? The
actors must be commended they did a wonderful job, you can see the
heart and soul in this movie. Why did EDD Stark have to die so soon???
but why did EDD send his son Jon Snow to the knight's watch in the
first place? and how does jon fit into the stealing of the iron throne
since every1 wants to steal it, i guess his men of the knight's watch
wants throne too
"
"627" "
Often I see fantasy shows or movies on television, and as an avid
reader, set out with very high expectations, hoping the show or movie
will live up to the high standards set out by the book. Sadly, it is
often the case that the producers have either chosen a bad book
(terrible to watch, but easy to make into a production), or a long book
(amazing to read, but cringe- worthy when seen on screen). George R.R.
Martin's books are perfect in that they are the right size (per book)
for a 10 hour series, and that they also contain the right mix of
politics, sex and violence as plot devices. Too much politics will
result in a boring drama-fest, too much sex results in a story-lacking,
poorly made porn film aimed at enticing male viewers only, and too much
violence results in a hideous gore-fest that begins to become
repetitive and almost boring, making the viewer tired of seeing the
colour red. Game of Thrones successfully incorporates all three of
these 'touchy' elements into a watchable and incredibly enjoyable
television series, one of the best, possibly THE best TV series I have
ever seen. Having read all the books, I can safely say that most, if
not all the content in the series matches up neatly to the content in
the books. The producers don't overdo anything, keeping to what is
written and favouring a complex plot in the place of aimless special
effects and video tomfoolery. If you are reading this review, unsure of
whether you want to devote 70 hours of your life to this series
(because once you start, you won't be able to stop until episode 10 of
season 7, at which point you'll be crying because the series has
ended), I would have to wholeheartedly advocate the series as one of
the best you'll ever see. Watch it, NOW.
"
"628" "Add another review"
"629" "
I have never watched a movie or a TV series that let you live among
characters at the level this series does. Excellent except being too
short and fast moving at times. I don't think the book is very special
but the film making is. I give credit to the film director and the
crew. I wish they make more TV series like this one. I remember people
kept the ratings at 7.5 until the 5 th episode and suddenly lot of fans
are born. I was giving this 10 stars from the day 1. The story builds
enough tension for you to be very fearful. At the same time some joy.
But mostly keep you on the edge. There is few magic around here but
mostly this is close to reality. It was a pleasure to experience this
saga.
"
"630" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"631" "
Game of Thrones is the new epic series from HBO(Flight of the
Conchords, Band of Brothers, The Pacific, Entourage). As most
productions from this network, high quality and high production value
is always on top. Game of Thrones is no exception. Based on the book \"A
Song of Fire and Ice' by George R.R. Martin.Set in the fantasy world known as 'The Seven Kingdoms', we get to
follow the Stark family. They live in a world where Winters can be as
long as a lifetime and summers last several years. However, \"Winter is
coming\". However, tales of White Walkers, dead who rises from their
graves, used to scare the children might turn out to be true.As the people hurry to prepare for the coming cold, there is a rivalry
between the ruling families in the kingdom. The Starks and the
Lannisters are long time enemies, only the King's rule have kept them
at bay. Lannisters, the riches faction in the kingdom, has claims on
the throne. Meanwhile, Eddard Stark rushes to the capital, King's
Landing, to help his old friend and the King to ensure the peace is
kept. But that might be harder than expected when Lannisters plot for
the throne. Tension is high to say the least.A cross the sea, the old ruler, the family Targaryen, also plots for
the throne. They allies with the mighty Dothrakie. Together, they march
for King's Landing, for war and for the throne. Let the game of thrones
begin.There is a lot to say about Game of Thrones - The amazing story,
incredible settings and production. The costumes, scenery, dialogs,
make-up and CGI. What stands out the most, however, is the cast.Scratch that. Peter Dinklage. This is one of those rare moments in
television when you realize that this person has been born with one
purpose - To play this part. Like Alan Rickman was born to play
Professor Snape, Brad Pitt to play Tyler Durden and Johnny Depp to play
Jack Sparrow, Peter Dinklage is so realistic and true to his role it's
scary. I am truly glad he won the Emmy. Cudos, Peter!! All in all, it is in many aspects the perfect series. I would have
given it a full ten, but I find the Dothrakie(I can admit, I don't know
how it is spelled) language annoying. And some of the sex scenes is
completely irrelevant. Perhaps they will tone it done till the next
season.This is a \"Must Watch\". So, watch it. And enjoy it.
"
"632" "
Although there have been a few tweaks here and there from the first
book in the series, everything about the first series of \"Game of
Thrones\" lived up to my expectations and exceeded it. That's what great
TV is about. The writers, cast, directors and everyone else have done a
superb job with the source material. My only complaint is the second
series is also to be called \"Game of Thrones\". 'A Clash of Kings' needs
to be its subtitle or, the series should've been titled after the full
name of the novel series 'A Song of Ice and Fire' and then with the
subtitles of the different novels beneath. Now, the torture of waiting
until April 2012 begins. I have high expectations for series two
including the epic skirmish the Battle of Blackwater Bay. That should
be a thrill though due to budgetary reasons they may have to whittle it
down. Let the \"Clash\" begin.
"
"633" "
Based on the bestselling fantasy book series A Song of Ice and Fire by
George R.R. Martin <U+0096> often referred to as \"the American Tolkien\" <U+0096> HBO
is betting that fans of The Lord of the Rings will come to this for a
sprawling, interwoven tale of feuding families, swords, sex, carnage,
beasts, frayed loyalties, deception, intrigue and the pursuit of power.
As well they should. Game of Thrones has all the elements (many
described above) that lure viewers to shows like The Sopranos, et al.
That it's a fantasy series shouldn't scare anyone away, because <U+0096> like
Lord of the Rings <U+0096> there's a real allure to costume-dramas that pair
dense mythology with all of the crowd-pleasing elements of war, honor,
pride, lust, power and, yes, even humor. Thrones has all of those in
spades and supports them with exceptional storytelling, strong writing,
superb acting and some stunning visual effects!!!Must watch for
everyone!!!
"
"634" "
Well, I could not watch the series along with my family, but the whole
series is just amazing. The setup, the script, the actors were
absolutely perfect.I was a little low-optimistic at the start of the series, but as it
went on with the kind of blood, violence and nudity, it kept impressing
me.I'd watched every episode with my favorite snacks and a can of Pepsi.
According to me, this series is a must watch for those who love
fictional drama.I was planning on reading the book series but now I'd just wait for the
new episodes and seasons for next seven years. Thank you director and
producer for making this series. All the best.
"
"635" "
Each week during \"Game of Thrones\" season, millions wait until Sunday
nights to enter a world full of lust, violence, politics, power, and
fantasy. This series is unlike anything ever done in the history of
television, captivating audiences across the globe due to its
magnificent content, brilliant writing, and highly entertaining medium.
\"Game of Thrones\" is an adaptation of George R.R. Martin's \"A Song of
Ice and Fire\" series, a ferociously original fantasy series that twists
and turns away from traditional fantasy and creates a more authentic
and genuine portrayal of a diverse and creative medieval fantasy
universe. Set in Westeros and Essos, two mythical kingdoms, HBO
delivers us a world unlike anything. Not only does the network offer
groundbreaking visual elements such as CGI dragons, ice zombies,
large-scale battles and state of the art costume and production, but
they manage to make it feel real. You hardly realize you're watching a
fantasy show. You get so engrossed in all the families and characters
that it's hard to not care about everyone everywhere during every
episode. With phenomenal performances and legendary characters, it's
safe to say that there will never be a TV series this amazing ever
made. \"Game of Thrones\" isn't just a show or a story. It's a culture
that takes us far away and lets us experience a diverse amount of
people in unthinkable locations, yet stays close to home with something
everyone can relate to.
"
"636" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"637" "
One of, if not the best show on television. Think Lord of the Rings,
but in television form, based more in reality and less in fantasy (near
the beginning at least), and a lot more unpredictable. When you watch
other movies and shows, you can probably tell that Batman, James Bond,
and Frodo are all going to live, but with this you never know who will
get offed next with main characters dropping like flies all the time.Another amazing thing about this show is its multiple, intertwined
story lines constantly putting main characters on edge. If the main
character does not feel tension, then the audience will get bored
because nothing is happening. Spoiler example ahead! In Season four
when Bran is heading passed the wall, he sees his half-brother John
Snow on the way, and he has to make a hard decision of whether to go to
his brother, who will stop him from going passed the wall, or continue
on and ignore Snow. Throughout the scene, the viewer is on edge,
waiting to see what Bran will do. Will he give in to the safe feeling
family gives him, or will he continue on the dangerous path to find out
his destiny?
"
"638" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"639" "
Game of Thrones is an intense, action packed, twisted TV series that
goes against all rules of a TV show. Main Characters die left right and
center anywhere and at anytime. The unpredictable nature of the show
makes every episode intense, that kept me captivated and eager to watch
the next episode. The vast array of characters and factions creates
good discussion as most of the characters are likable and it is hard to
pick favorite. The amount of story lines, characters, places, factions,
names, people is huge and always kept me on my toes. To truly
understand the story you have to understand the back story as well,
which makes it all the more complicated. This is why I loved the show,
as there is so much you can talk about, discuss and argue over. Overall I think Game of Thrones is an amazing show, the characters, the
plot depth, the action, the interaction and relationships between
characters, the character development. Everything about the show is
brilliant. The show is captivating, interesting and if it starts to get
boring there is always something big about to happen just around the
corner. The unpredictability of the show always keeps the viewers on
edge, as you don't know who will die next or what will happen in the
next episode. I think this is one of the best TV series at the moment
with superb acting and one heck of a story line. Overall I give Game of
Thrones my tick of approval and I would recommend anyone and everyone
to watch it if they haven't already.
"
"640" "
First, I'm not saying anything about the storyline, because if I even
give a hint about one episode, it'll ruin the whole seasons experience,
and no one would like that, because the show is just excellent.Game of Thrones. The most brilliant, hard to watch, raw and brutal show
ever to be released on television. I don't get into TV shows that much,
but from the time I even heard the name \"Game of Thrones\", I knew it'd
be amazing, because HBO just does an amazing job with shows.This show doesn't hold anything back, sex and violence play a huge part
in this masterpiece. The sheer, unflinching brutality of this show
brought back a feeling which I only had when I watched Wolf Creek for
the first time!If you enjoyed the books, the show is even better. People say that
Breaking Bad would have to be the best show on TV, well they musn't
have watched Game of Thrones, because all elements that one would look
for in a show is here. Violence, a deep storyline and much more!Speaking of which, time to re-watch season 1!
"
"641" "
Game of Thrones is a beginning of an epic journey of series. A story
that brings back good old memories. Drama, war, magic and epic
conversations. I am referring to lord of the rings movies. Game of
thrones is still not the same, it's something new of it kinds with it's
own touch. I love it and it hurts to meet people who haven't open their eyes for
Game of thrones.I am not a professional reviewer. This is my personal experience and I
m not here to sell it, I share if for those who read these review.
Because you don't want to miss the \"epicness\" of Game of Thrones. I
give it a 10/10.P.S. Not a big fan of shivers? Then don't watch it...
"
"642" "Add another review"
"643" "
It took me a couple of episodes to start liking Game of Thrones.
Probable reason is that i expected \"Tolkien for adults\". Well, there's
definitely a lot of adults' stuff here, although closer to reality of
Middle Ages, if this might apply to a fantasy novel about an imaginary
world turned TV show. Since i haven't read the book(s), i was free to
enjoy the show as it is.At certain points Game of Thrones might have passed for a historical
reenactment. Magic and other fantasy elements were introduced at a slow
pace which adds to the realism mentioned above. The production and sets
were impressive and the cast delivered and exquisite performance.Overall, Game of Thrones was television's logical answer to Lord of the
Rings. Together with the latter title it has set the bar for fantasy
films and TV shows very high. I would even say that they've spoiled the
audiences. Any new venture in the genre will have to fulfill very high
expectations.EDIT after Season 5My enthusiasm waned although the appreciation remains. My recap would
be: Good Season 1, solid Season 2, rather eventless Season 3 and
somewhat redeeming season 4. Season 5 was an obvious management
decision in an attempt to create the most massive cliffhanger finale in
the history of TV. There is one for every story line in the show.What became apparent already in Season 3 is what some fans complained
about when discussing G.R.R. Martin's writing. There is a clear lack of
direction, what some might label narrative fiction. During Season 5
we've reached the end of plots in the books published so far. This, in
turn, enabled the writers to write as they well pleased and stretch the
audience's attention span until the end of Season 7.
"
"644" "
Before I watched this series I had already heard great things from
friends and co workers. I already had HBO so I hopped onto HBO go one
night and watched the first couple episodes. It was definitely
interesting so I kept going. Once you get to the middle of season 1 you
will be hooked! I had a marathon and watched the rest of season 1 and
season 2 in just a couple days! Loved it! If you like drama you'll like this series. If you like action you'll
like this series. If you like fantasy you'll like this series.The show is epic and I can't wait until season 3 comes out! Season 3
releases March 2013!
"
"645" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"646" "
WARNING! PLOT SPOILERS AHEAD!This review will only be for the first season of the program, as I
haven't yet seen any of the second season episodes; that being said, I
think it's fair to review the series based on what i have seen only
from the first season.Of late, HBO has scored a sting of victories in the eyes of viewers and
critics alike with their original series. If \"Game of Thrones\" is
typical of the HBO original series, then the channel is well worth the
premium cost for cable subscribers. \"Game of Thrones\" succeeds mostly
because of its three-dimensional and engaging characters, dark themes,
and riveting plot line; the fantasy setting, in my view, is incidental
to the series' success, but it is not entirely irrelevant, as the
setting provides a framework for an exciting plot involving murder,
betrayal, and byzantine court intrigues and power struggles.The series is based on a series of fantasy novels that seem inspired by
\"The Lord of the Rings\" and the general mythos of Middle-Earth, but is
far more naturalistic in style than Tolkien's works (for example, the
\"Game of Thrones\" series involves graphic sex and violence, coupled
with a grim and cynical tone missing from the more optimistic story
presented in \"Lord of the Rings\"). The setting is located in a
fictional world based closely on medieval Europe, and the first season
storyline centers around a feudal lord named Eddard Stark. Lord Stark
acts as the adviser to an ineffectual king, and is presented with a
conflict that forces him to choose between an honorable and ethical
course of action, or more pragmatic choices which are not in themselves
ethical. The tragic flaw of Lord Stark--which I have read from other
online comments about the series-- is his blind allegiance to honor and
morality over pragmatism. Stark will invariably follow his conscience
in every decision he makes, without viewing the the bigger picture.
While Lord Stark thinks he is in the right with his course of action,
he unthinkingly steers the kingdom into a disastrous course of events
in the long run. This classic irony speaks well of the intelligence
behind the creation of the \"Game of Thrones\" series. Not all viewers
will appreciate the dark and cynical themes present in the series, two
of which seem to be that \"sometimes the ends justify the means\" and
\"good men are no match for those who place power above morality and
justice\". Nevertheless, many viewers will nonetheless be moved by the
tragedy of the series' main protagonist; while I am not going so far as
to claim \"Game of Thrones\" is great literature, the series works
because, it, like great works of literature, engages the audience with
the believable and palpable tragedy of a powerful protagonist. Other characters also prove compelling, the most notable of whom is the
cunning and witty Tyrion Lannister, a member of a rival noble house.
Also known as \"the Imp\" (both for his diminutive stature and his wily
demeanor), this character, who is able to use his silver tongue to
persuade other characters to get him out of unfavorable situations, has
become a fan favorite, and rightfully so. Peter Dinklage, the actor
playing Tyrion, breathes life into a character who is able to overcome
his status as an outsider in a discriminatory feudal society and become
a key player in the politics of the kingdom. While Tyrion's family is
defined by their amoral lust for power, Tyrion, while far from being
pure-hearted, does seem to abide by a personal code of ethics and
morals, although he is much more pragmatic and less rigidly bound by
this code than Lord Stark. Not everything about the series is worth praising. While the
screenwriters aim for a paradoxically realistic approach in a fantasy
setting, they sometimes take it too far with gratuitous T & A (a
feature of which many HBO shows are guilty). I understand why some
reviewers were disgusted with the excessive amount of graphic sex,
nudity and violence displayed on the show, much of which is not
necessary to furthering the plot, and seems to be there only to
titillate the audience. Unlike \"Harry Potter\" or even \"Lord of the
Rings\", \"Game of Thrones\" is definitely not a fantasy series the whole
family can enjoy. I would go so far as to say that the soft-core sex
detracts from the mature themes and brilliantly-crafted tragedy present
in the story.My misgivings about the sex and violence in the series notwithstanding,
I find \"Game of Thrones\" to be a quality work of art, an exception to
the banal reality shows proliferating television today. I hope HBO
keeps \"Game of Thrones\" running for years to come.
"
"647" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"648" "
The First Season of 'Game of Thrones' is some of the best television
I've ever seen. It's as compelling as it is moving. The characters are
well fleshed out. Even the villains, as you learn to like them before
you learn to hate them. Unusually even the children have a rich,
well-developed characters. The stories, actors, story telling and art
direction are amazing. I applaud HBO for their guts and commitment to
quality in making a TV series to such a high standard. It puts movies
to shame, and we get to enjoy it for much longer.The Second Season is a let down. The high-quality production values are
still there, but the story grinds to a halt for most of it. Although
there is supposed to be a war going on with the Starks winning and the
Lannisters losing, you wouldn't know it. Both sides spend nearly all
their screen time sitting in camps, talking. That isn't necessarily a
bad thing, but the dialog lacks the power of the First Season. The
problem is one of pacing: A lot happens in the last two episodes, but
nothing much in the first eight. The story of the Kahlissi and Kahl in the First Season was, to me,
touching and epic. When the Kahl finally died I felt I'd spent a
lifetime with them. At the end of the First Season as her loyal tribe
and knight Jorah knelt before her and the baby dragons, I thought the
Second Season was going to be a treat.Instead they wandered around the desert a bit, then headed to a big
city to stand around eating nibblies at parties. I wondered who was
minding the dragons. And when her Dothraki tribe was eventually
slaughtered and dragons stolen, I though, well, duh. There's no
convincing explanation for her sudden blinding obsession with claiming
the Iron Throne, or why her fierce Dothraki warriors are so easily
defeated. It's sad to see such a promising storyline languish.When the awesome men of the Night Watch rode north I was expecting some
gripping drama. Instead John Snow gets lost and hangs out with a
Wildling chick. The Wildling's were a major disappointment: I imagined
them fierce and well, wild, like Celtic warriors or the Picts of Robert
E. Howard's Conan series. Instead there is nothing wild about the
Wildlings at all. They're too clean, well-spoken, well-mannered and
despite being separated from the south for 8,000 years haven't even
developed an accent.Some of the characters suffer from the \"Idiot in the Attic\" Syndrome.
After Yoren of the Night's Watch dies so that plucky Arya can escape,
she stands there and lets herself get captured. I'm finding Lady
Catelyn Stark a little hard to take. She speaks rudely to people whose
help she needs, and let's face it: She started this whole war by
falsely imprisoning Tyrion Lannister when it was clear to all he had
nothing to do with it: 'Who would use their own knife for an
assassination?'Perhaps to keep production costs down or not turn off its female fans,
there is very little fighting on screen until the Finale. Yet they
replace it with, of all things, infanticide. Yes, I know many Royal
Families have been historically vile and throughout history it was
common place, but it's still disturbing viewing especially if you are a
parent. The Second Season isn't all bad by any means and those who stick
through to the Finale will be rewarded. The entertaining Peter
Dinklage's Tyrion Lannister steps into the role as the lead
protagonist. The plotting and machinations at King's Landing are still
well told. Rob Stark has quickly grown into a man. Bran despite his
young age rises to the challenge of ruling Winterfell fairly and justly
in his family's absence. His step family of Osha and Hodor are
endearing, as is his relationship with Maester Luwin. The Greyjoy's
rebellion is tragic to watch. Game of Thrones is not a series that you
enjoy because so much of what goes on is so unpleasant, but it will
immerse and suck you into another world for an hour a week.There's enough here to keep you entertained, though the Second Season
is not of a standard that will attract new viewers. To be fair, I'm
told the problem is with the source material in that the second book on
which the Second Season is based is nowhere near the caliber of the
first. I only hope with the third series we see Game of Thrones return
to it's original high form.First Season: 10 / 10. Second Season: 7 / 10. Third Season: ?
"
"649" "
I do not know why people complain of too much skin and no plot....so
maybe just maybe the sex is too much but it,in no way interferes with
the plot or the storyline in such a way that the viewer loses interest
in the show, The show gathered up so many unexperienced actors (with
the exception of Sean Bean,Lena Headey,Nikolaj-Costau Waldow and Peter
Dinklage) and made it one of the best acted and vastly storylined TV
shows of all time,following the books written by George Martin (dubbed
by many as the successor of J.R.R Tolkien) but if you are a fan of
fairy tales this show is not for you. I cannot believe why this show is
shut out in almost all the award shows as it obviously deserves to win
a lot more awards than it already has as it is THE highest ranked TV
series still continuing,along with Breaking Bad (another must watch
show) in IMDb. 10/10 an unbelievably awesome TV show
"
"650" "
This HBO series, somewhat reminiscent of The Lords of the Ring in plot
and style, is based on the popular medieval fantasy books by George
Martin (not the Beatles producer) and is basically about the struggle
for power in the mythical Seven Kingdoms between two families, the evil
Lannisters headed by the wife of the King, Queen Cersei (a fine
performance by Lena Headey) and the more honorable Starks, who rule in
the north of the realm, led by Ned Stark (a good turn as well by Sean
Bean). There is a third dynasty as well, the Targaryen, related to the
previous, murdered king, whose two survivors are the evil, bleach blond
Viserys (a magnetic Harry Lloyd) and his beautiful, ethereal sister
Daenerys (the petite Emilia Clarke, a revelation in a stunning
performance). They live in exile among the savage Dothraki, a race of
brutal, nomadic horse riders, and Viserys hope that the marriage of
Daenerys with their leader Khal Drogo will help him raise an army of
Dothraki to invade the Seven Kingdoms, overthrow the king and put him
in charge of the seven kingdoms.The series benefits from some great performances. Besides those I just
mentioned, I have to add Peter Dinklage as the sardonic dwarf Tyrion
Lannister, brother to the queen, and Jack Gleeson as the insufferable,
cruel child heir to the throne, Joffrey. Not all performances in the
series are remarkable, though: most of the Starks, especially Ned's
sons, fail to make much of an impression.The series has a very good start, then somewhat loses steam in the
middle episodes, but rises again in the last two chapters for a rousing
finale. I quite enjoyed the series, but I cannot call it a masterpiece.
One problem that the many characters and the various, convoluted plots
make it confusing at times. Some plot threads, especially the one in
the frontier, could have been excised completely and the series would
not have suffered. The stunning photography and locations certainly
helps.
"
"651" "
like its inspiration material the lord of the rings the game of thrones
is much ado about nothing .and here is why, where in lord of the rings
the story relied upon magic, luck and eagles saving the day , the game
of thrones in itself does not have a real story. characters are
introduced in flooding way and all of them seem one dimensional , and
here is why. take eddard stark for example, this man is head of an
ancient family who have survived so many things , he must have
inherited some political savvy eh ? no, he is stupid of course his
idiocy is painted as honor. joffrey is pure evil there is no background
for him he is just evil, cersei is evil, Jamie is evil, balon Gregory?
evil , his children? evil, stark children either cruel and dumb like
Robb or just evil like arya, the one that is not evil is related to
magic dany ? don't even want to start on that one she is evil , cruel
and a hypocrite to the bone i can go on and on but why bother the truth
to be told every one in this story is evil and more importantly dumb ,
like how can tywin lannister a shrewd and calculating politician make
so many mistake and create so many enemies? the other thing that
bothers me and makes this series unwatchable is the amount of sex and
nudity , like how many times do have watch prostitutes of westeros ?
how come women have show us their boobs five times in a minutes? what
is so appealing about sexual deviance? for me the answer is non. and
finally o come back to my starting point, the series ( books and TV
series )have no story at all . try to picture it a lot of people have
been killing each other and now most of them are dead , so what ? where
is the point in that ? and the others or white walkers story is so dumb
that can not be taken seriously it seems the writer of the books and
the series as well couldn't come up with anything special as major
turning event so he went on to right about dragons and ice zombies and
people with silver hair and purple eyes and sex .
"
"652" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"653" "
As Game of Thrones's Season 5 comes to an end. Again, HBO proves and
demonstrate its power towards creating a very solid TV Series presented
in ten episodes. A characteristic of really stands out is the well-done
job of the technical aspects, such as the characters's makeup, costumes
and the places chosen where the show would be filmed. This season
surely is based in the books, but as continues to demonstrate, some
stories of the TV show have differences from the books. One particular
feature of this season is finally reaches every storyline of the books,
except the ones which weren't presented in the series, and even showing
some unpublished events. Since the TV Series reached the books, Bran's core is left aside to be
showed in the next season. The main cores of this season is Daenerys,
Tyrion, Jon Snow, Jaime, Cersei, Arya, Sansa and Stannis.The early episodes have a slow paced. There're a lot of conversation
that allows a greater development of characters and the stories, which
the show has proved already that it knows how to develop the depths of
the characters. In the first seven episodes, violent scenes, fight
scenes did happen, but surely the highlights of this season happen in
the late three episodes.Sansa's core starts very promising showing the change of nature of
Sansa, becoming a stronger woman, unfortunately something horrendous
happens to her, breaking her up. The scene where this happens is
probably one of the hardest scenes in the entirely series to watch.
Arya's core is increasingly attractive and intriguing, due to her story
with the faceless men. In Jon Snow's storyline occurs the biggest and
coolest fight scene, showing that what everyone should worry about is
the White Walkers.A most awaited meeting happen when Daenerys and Tyrion are put in the
same room. A scene which has to be highlighted is the passage of Tyrion
and Jorah through Valyria, it had such a mystic air. Making in us a
desire of get to know more about the past of this world. The dragons's
scenes are improving regarding the CGI used, resulting in scenes each
time more nail-biting.Much of the Cersei's scenes in the early episodes are talking regarding
the rule of the realm, but with the rise of a religion in the citadel,
some fear is caused by it and spreads across King's Landing. At the end
of the season, Cersei is put in a horrible situation making her do
something extremely hard and this scene is in the top-3 scenes of the
season. Jaime's core is the one which was really poorly developed. In
it had a fight scene that was terrible, it looked so choreographed.
Another disappointment of this core was the creation and development of
the Sand Snakes, they were so badly constructed in the TV showStannis's core has some interesting scenes, some showing his love
towards his daughter, and another showing what he's willing to do to
reach and achieve his goal.
"
"654" "
I've never anticipated that one day I will watch series like game of
thrones. It's more than amazing, eventually I've noting to say here I
just highly recommend it. Yes one thing I feel bad that season 3 will
take so long to be in air. I did not get the idea for 10 lines, but
finally I made it. Noting hard these days. Copy and paste ^ I've never
anticipated that one day I will watch series like game of thrones. It's
more than amazing, eventually I've noting to say here I just highly
recommend it. Yes one thing I feel bad that season 3 will take so long
to be in air. I did not get the idea for 10 lines, but finally I made
it. Noting hard these days.
"
"655" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"656" "
Here we see what happens when too many people demand that the one hour
is filled with the three hours needed. This series has always had one
major problem. TOO MANY SUB PLOTS. Distracting the viewer with small
titillating aspects of so many lines of plots is maybe the way the
books were made but fails terribly in a 40 odd minute TV show. The
people who are glued to this like chewing gum to my old boot are being
hypnotized not by the quality of the show but by their desperate desire
for it to be great and the single biggest event of the year in their
entertainment calendar. I am so sorry to tell you that you are being
led by the nose down a very boring path and watching this stuff only
makes me feel that the efforts are a waste. Sad really because if the
scrip and direction were done by people who actually know how to
construct a narrative this show could be a real winner. The special
effects and the costumes and all that are great but they are empty
vessels due to the madness of the producers dictating to the direction
and scrip people and the fact that they have very little say in the
final product. This is a money making machine and to hell with the
story. The real sad thing is how many people are still loving this
stuff. Makes me wonder if they are actually able to be critical or just
like lemmings and democrats voting for idiots to run the country?
"
"657" "Add another review"
"658" "
The dragon mother storyline is the only one that really captures my
attention.The rest is a lavish soap opera. It ups the bar in production values
and provocativeness, but is essentially a trashy, meandering romance
novel that HBO successfully passed off as a pop culture phenomenon.There is really no direction or character development to speak of.
Peter Dinklage manages to inject some nuance into his performance,
which appears as brilliant acting relative to all the other stone
faces, of whom no director seems to make any hefty demands. Lots of
great lines fall to the wayside while efforts are spent instead on
costumes and sets. Evil characters are just evil, and making us truly
understand them isn't remotely a priority.I don't hate it. I sometimes hate myself for rather enjoying it, in the
way humanity's less endearing qualities force us to grow addicted to
juicy gossip and reality shows. I wouldn't call this a \"good\" show
though. On the upside, after watching an episode, everything I think and read
takes on a posh British accent, which adds a touch of refinement to my
American lifestyle.
"
"659" "
I was very excited but still quite skeptical when i found out that
they're gonna adapt one of my favorite books. Book series that is, but
Game Of Thrones is my favorite in the series so far. I'm an amateur
screenwriter and one day i came to an idea of trying to adapt something
since i've already written a couple of original screenplays. I wanted a
high task and i wanted it to be a fantasy so i looked for the best
fantasy on the internet and everyone said that this is it. And they
were right. I read Lord Of The Rings, which is/are amazing, but this is
something special and very different from anything i've ever read. All
the characters are so well done, the storyline is so interesting with a
whole bunch of unexpected twists, and so on... You don't even have a
feeling that it's a fantasy while you're reading it. Anyway, it didn't
take me long to read the book and understand that it can't be adapted.
Into a movie, that is. So i gave up on adaptation, but i continued with
reading the series and all i can say is i can't wait for the fifth
book! >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> As for the TV series, the book is more or less quite faithfully
adapted. Of course, some parts are missing, some unimportant characters
thrown out, most of the characters, especially young ones, a lot older
than in the books and certain parts a bit changed, though they all
still have the same ending, but that was to be expected. The book(s)
is/are obviously a lot better, but the TV adaptation is still great.
Brilliant. Amazing. Not as amazing as the book(s) but still....>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Certain actors, i must say, really don't fit their roles. Such as Jon
Snow, Joffrey Lannister, Theon Greyjoy, Catelyn Stark and even Cersei
i'd say, but what can you do. It shouldn't mind to those who didn't
read the books. Characters that are well casted are, i think, Eddard
Stark, Tyrion Lannister, Arya Stark, Brann Stark, Daenerys Targaryen,
Khal Drogo, Tywin Lannister, Gregor Clegane,... There is much more of
those who are not good for their roles but most of them are supporting
characters so i wont mention them a lot, but the point is that casting
should've been done a lot better. Joffrey, for instance, is supposed to
be a very pretty kid with full lips an the actor looks like Dennis The
Menace with thin lips and the most evil eyes i've ever seen. Really not
good for his part even though his character is evil. Jon Snow is
supposed to look way younger than the actor who plays him is, just like
Sansa Stark and so on. But i guess i can go over those things since the
series are really great and i'm just happy that the book(s) are being
adapted in the first place.>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Watch this series. They are great. Like The Godfather set in a fantasy
medieval world. The Sopranos with swords and even better. My
recommendation to everyone. And i just wanna say that i'm glad they
didn't cut the nudity and brutality out of the series. That would
really ruin everything since the books are pretty unmerciful toward
it's characters and the story in general. 10 out of 10!!!!
"
"660" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"661" "
Really wasn't very interesting. I'd recommend not wasting your money on
watching it if you can avoid it. The characters are great actors, but
the plot line is actually very basic in the end. Good guy wants
justice, bad guy wins. With so many stories of so many kingdoms, one
would think something decent and happy was going on. Granted, they pop
a wedding or two in now and then, but even those end up in massacre and
death. So...I end my review with explaining the next chapters of the
game: Part 1 - good guy struggles, good guy has no hope, good guy dies.
Part 2 - good guy struggles, good guy has no hope, good guy dies. Part
3 - good guy struggles, good guy has no hope, good guy dies. Part 4 -
good guy struggles, good guy has no hope, good guy dies. Part 5 - good
guy struggles, good guy has no hope, good guy dies. Get the point?
"
"662" "
Murder. Dragons. Murder. Nudity. Oh, did I mentioned murder? That's
pretty much it. This is what this series is about. And I watched Season
1 and 2. It was horrible and I'll never get this time back. What's the
matter with this generation? The hype surrounding this series scares me
a lot. No sympathy at all, no memorable characters (because they all
die right before they do or say anything memorable). The one and only
thing I liked is the camera work. One of the saddest things is to see
so many great and talented actors in this senseless series. I'm
disappointed. I'm disappointed that this kind of series is so popular.
So otherwise I would recommend to stay away from the series - now after
watching the whole season - I 'd say : get the f outta here!
"
"663" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"664" "
Please note, I haven't read the books.The series has well plotted out stories with political intrigue,
warfare, and fantasy elements that spread far and wide through to many
characters. Not typical. The ones you think are the \"good guys\" don't
always win. I feel like it's a war story where many different factions
are fighting for control of everything, set in the context of a fantasy
show.There are almost too many characters and stories. Great if you read the
books, and can read one right after another with no time-lag, but this
show takes about a year before each next season airs. In the meantime,
I forget whom some of the characters are, and what all the story- lines
are. Sorry, but I don't spend the downtime watching reruns over and
over again. I have a life, bad memory and short attention span. Perhaps
I'm to blame, and yet I've seen many, many others say the same.The thing that really bugs me is that the characters don't show their
emotions. Afraid to show feelings! It's not the actors/actresses being
subtle either. Simply the way the characters are. Many tell sad bitter
stories of things that have happened in their past, but do it in a cold
distant manner. Tyrion does this. I like it. Suits him. But ALL the
characters are like that! It gets tiring.There are no epic love stories. No grand sweeping declarations of love,
or expressions of overwhelming grief. Romance is weak. So are the sex
scenes. Tepid. If you're going to have sex scenes on a premium cable
network, make em hot!There are no delicious villains. I thought Cersei might end up being a
deliciously evil villain, but she ended up being just ho-hum. The acting: there is a mixture of stellar, to good acting, to some weak
performances by some of the main actors.Final thoughts: Whom do I really care about? It's hard for me to watch
and stick with a show if I don't care about anyone. I like Tyrion,
Arya, and sort of like Jon Snow. But none, so-much-so, that I shout to
myself: \"I love this character.\" I am interested in seeing what happens
with Daenerys Targaryen. There has been really good character
development with her. I'd like to see how far she gets in her quest to
take the throne. I can't say I love this character. Frankly, I find her
a little weird, and unfortunately, I find the actress playing her to be
one of the weaker performers, which doesn't help. I'm writing this as
of the middle of season three. I'm seriously thinking of dropping this
from my watch list. Yet I have a mild curiosity to see how things turn
out. I admittedly would like the see the Lannisters lose the kingdom.
Their dominance and \"getting away\" with everything is frustrating at
times. Yep, would definitely like to see them fall. I think this show must be wonderful for people whom have read the
books. I'm happy for them. Maybe someday I'll pick them up for a read,
and my perception of the series will improve. 7/10
"
"665" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"666" "
I wrote an Amazon review when I finally got around to watching GoT and
ended up with crazed fans coming out of the woodwork to tell me how
wrong I was to not like GoT. After watching more episodes because - as
GoT fans insisted - I needed to see MORE to understand/like the show -
I decided that the GoT is not for me - even if the beatings will
continue 'till morale will improve.. Watching more didn't improve my
opinion really - it only made me feel nauseated. I felt I was only
stating the obvious in saying that there is a lot of pointless
gratuitous sex and graphic violence on GoT. For some - that's what they
like about the show. For me - it's a needless distraction to what could
have been a compelling story.Here is my original review of GoT:As a lifelong geek, I've been hearing a lot about GoT for a while now
and had high hopes of it filling the much-needed niche for satisfying
story-telling that I came to know and love in such shows as Firefly and
the Lord of the Rings trilogy - or at least something intelligent,
interesting, creative and well thought out. Visually, Game of Thrones
is gorgeous - at least in the initial snow speckled scenes, where you
see a group of heavily bundled up guys in a very stark snow scape. Just
one look at the costuming and the beautiful filming really sparks any
geek to say, \"Hey- this might be really good.\" Knowing that the guy who
was Boromir in LoTR is playing a major role also gives hopes and
expectations of something really great.The initial scenes where one of the riders stumbles upon a truly grisly
scene of carnage is difficult to watch - but at least you get the sense
that there is something going on, some kind of mystery - that needs to
be solved and the question of just who the White Walkers are is
intriguing. So despite the gore, I was initially very much taken in.And that's about where my interest stopped as the first episode
devolved into pointless scenes of violence, sex, nudity, more sex -
still more sex - to the point where it became a bit absurd and almost
dull. So sad to ruin something that could have been epic with a lot of
sex scenes that weren't even in the original books. The gore and grisly
scenes of beheadings and splatter porn also painfully reminded me of
the really horrible rendition of the Hobbit, where something that was
written as a kid's story (talking about the Hobbit here) was made into
a gory display of constant sword fights and beheadings. It kind of
reduces all of human existence to one that is animalistic and somewhat
mundane: animals are born, they hunt for and/or find food, they have
sex, make other little animals, fight each other for territory
(possibly) and die. Fine. But a fantasy that makes it seem like all of
human existence boils down to this common denominator (and nothing
more) is not only uninteresting and uninspired - it's dead depressing.
It also seems such a waste of excellent casting, costuming,
cinematographic excellence and a story that might capture my interest -
if the makers of the series wasn't so insistent and determined to fill
every scene with sex of every sort and violence. All the flying offal
and swinging tits really distract from what might have been an
interesting story.The first episode of GoT was the most graphic thing I've ever seen -
including that time when some college housemates rented a porn movie
and that other time when some other friends had a halloween horror
movie marathon. At least the gore in those movies had a point and made
sense in the progress of the story, whatever story that was and the sex
scenes actually were important in the plot - or at least vaguely
important for the plot. (It's saying something when the sex and gore in
the average horror flick is more meaningful than the sex and gore in
GoT.) All the sex and blood splattered scenes of GoT just seem to make
the whole thing less believable. It's hard to really get lost in the
story and really imagine being there - when every scene is a
blood-soaked and sex-filled rampage to the point of being ridiculous.
The sex seems less real - because there's so much of it. The gore seems
less important - because there's too much of it. The actual story is
completely overwhelmed by the heavy-handedness all the sex and
violence.If a fellow geek friend were to ask me about Game of Thrones - I would
comment that the opening credits were really nicely done - with a sort
of steampunk, nanotechnology and clever clockwork building of the map,
castles, houses and landscape with these interesting ladders connecting
various areas of the map. The opening credits was awesome - far more
inspired than the series itself. The music is well done. The casting is
brilliant (and would have been amazing - or could have been, if such
talent wasn't wasted and drowned out by all the other stuff.) Visually
(when every scene isn't blood soaked and/or crammed from end to end
with pointless sex and violence) - Game of Thrones is really beautiful
- with its gorgeous period costuming and sets and great cinematography.
The actual story - the one that I might have been more interested in
learning more about, if it weren't for all the gore, guts and grunts -
is something I'm sad that I won't get a chance to know without reading
a plot synopsis somewhere else. But the actual series just comes off as
a porn flick with lots and lots of violence that happens to be set in
the middle ages.
"
"667" "
I love epic stories set in medieval times. This series definitely has
qualities of a great story, original and creative yet not too much
where its not realistic. Knights, dragons, princesses, kingdoms,
wars,drama this series has it all. The only issue I have with it is the
soft porn aspect..its way too much. I am a girl and i guess there are
men who beg to differ on my view. Not everyone wants to see two people
getting it on or peoples private parts; there are websites and movies
for that I don't need it rubbed in my face. There is a way to convey
the message without overly elaborating it like the show does.Everyone
who has a brain and a history book knows that incest, rape, brothels
and indecency was rampant back then no need to amplify it in every
other scene.I find TV shows now a days exploit sexuality way too much
and its a shame because this show has great potential. I would have
given it a 9 or a 10 because the acting,scenery, story line is
superbe...too bad
"
"668" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"669" "
After seeing today in Game of Trones how father let her kid/daughter
being burned alive, I realized that author of this serial, as well as
HBO may need professional (medical) assistance. Actually, since the
beginning, it is hard to find anything that would make anyone feeling
good. Seems normal people are in this series only and exclusively
heading to miserable ends (being brutally killed, beheaded, burned,
skulls being crushed by bare hands to name a few - and any similarity
with world around us is pure coincidence) while negative characters are
in full swing!So what is the message of your work Mr Martin? Enlighten me, please.As far as I am concerned, G of T is for me finished.Mr Martin your G of T stories may make a lot of money but are in the
essence sick, barbarian and ethically worthless works. No one learned
anything from you, neither become a better person by watching your
work. Wonder if your kids watch your masterpieces and how do you feel
about the moment that motivated me to write all this.Tom/Malta
"
"670" "
Game of thrones must be the most overrated show I've ever seen. I've
suffered through 5 season of this garbage so far and I simply cannot
understand why anyone would ever like this show. You can sum up the
whole show in one word: violence. This show basically shows people get
physically and emotionally tortured and killed for five seasons. That's
it. Nothing else is happening. They're trying to make it look like a
political thriller full of intrigue, betrayal and plot twists. But it's
not. All the scheming and colluding the characters do leads to nothing,
because they all eventually get tortured and brutally killed. There is
no action, there are no battles, there is no strategy, there is no
mystery, there is no magic. Although they keep promising all of that
since s01e01. There's just pointless violence.Watch this only if you've already watched every other show ever made
ever.
"
"671" "
This TV Series is undoubtedly the Greats TV Series of all time!! and it
is no wonder that after 5 years, it is still considered the best TV
Series and Top rated . The Movie has a Great and Deeply Created Story ,
the Characters are PERFECTLY Picked and the Movie is almost Completely
Without any Flaw . Perfect Characters, Perfect Story , Perfect Pace ,
and So full of contents that they literally Trim so many parts of the
Story to be able to put each series in 10 episodes, Most definitely the
Best between all the TV Series and movies, in Music , in Graphical
Scenery , and in pathology of each character . the Movie is based on a
very strong story which can support more than 50 episodes in a single
Season . and just as its name suggests, it is the Crown Jewel of all
the TV Series in History of Cinema ! Definitely rated 10 (100/100 , any
fewer rate would be a real Injustice to the Greatest Movie of all time,
which it is) in my list of Ten best TV Series of all time, the Game of
Thrones as expected Sits on the Top of it all, The List is as Follows:
1. Game Of Thrones2. Westworld3. Breaking Bad4. Black Sails5. Vikings6. Expanse7. Revolution8. True Detective9. The Outsiders10. The Leftoversif you haven't started these TV Shows yet, then you should start RIGHT
NOW, otherwise you would lose your would've been Greatest Moments of
your life .
"
"672" "Add another review"
"673" "
With the root the most extraordinary story written in the last half
century, Game of Thrones can now be considered a single event in
television history, and one of the most epic unique moments of popular
culture. With a unique production and performances mostly superb, HBO
has managed to create something that goes beyond all barriers of
television media. Characters without Manichaeism in a world without
heroes incontestable. A complex and fascinating universe filled by
intricate political intrigue. A real lesson of geopolitics, military
science and political science. Apart from all the credits due to the
mind of George R. R. Martin, we can never forget the brilliant work of
creators that, every year, in a space of six months, can produce ten
episodes of such high production.
"
"674" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"675" "
Game of Thrones is a fantasy/drama series produced by HBO and was first
released in 2011. It has quickly grown to the most watched television
series. It's adapted from George R.R. Martin's series A Song Of Ice And
Fire. There are 5 seasons to date and the sixth is set to be released
April 2016. Seventeen years prior to when the series began, Lord Robert Baratheon
and Lord Eddard Stark start a civil war to unseat the Targaryen Mad
King. They succeed and Robert rules as king ever since, but the series
opens when his rule is starting to be undermined by other factions. On
the other side of the world, two Targaryen royals have grown into
adults and are planning to return to their kingdom and take the iron
throne. While betrayal and civil war are becoming very real, to the
North, Jon Snow (Lord Eddard Stark's bastard son) has joined the
night's watch and lives on The Wall, a seven hundred foot wall of ice
that borders the north, defending the realm against wild men and white
walkers (Literally SNOW ZOMBIES). The main themes for the series are, a
struggle for power, violence, the corruption of money, and loyalty.First things first, Game Of Thrones is meant for an adult audience.
There is a lot of swearing, a lot of sex, and most of all, a lot of
violence scenes that either made me look away, or made me feel sick.
However, these things are what make Game Of Thrones such an amazing and
enticing show. First of all, Game Of Thrones is big on politics. You
will constantly be rooting for certain characters, trying to predict
what will happen, and you will feel so close to the action. Only to
find out that next episode, your favorite character dies, the complete
opposite of what you thought would happen, happens, and as you feel so
close, you're ripped away due to a despicable antagonist who has no
heart. Game Of Thrones make politics almost romantic. There is one rule in Game Of Thrones. DO NOT get attached to a
character. This show is ripe with death. Game of Thrones is brutal.
Frow literal jaw dropping moments, to gut wrenching scenes, the blood
and gore is plenty. From majestic sword fights, to pulse racing
execution scenes, you will always be on the edge of your seat. One
thing that this show does, is it makes you uncomfortable. Not in a way
that makes you want to stop watching, but in a way that makes you feel
like you're in the same situation as the characters.An upside and a big downside to Game of Thrones is that it can be a
frustrating show. There are some brave and fierce characters, however,
other characters (Like Sansa and Aria Stark) seem to never do anything
useful but get captured or end up screwing other characters over, Your
favorite characters are sometimes left out of an episode, and
characters choose to keep important information from each other that
could end situations quickly. However, this happens in most TV series
and just goes to show what great writing and acting is put into the
show.Game Of Thrones has, and will be one of the most popular TV series for
a long time, and for good reasons.The show is beautiful, complex and
rewarding as well as most of all, entertaining. As we wait for more
seasons to come out, if feels as though winter is coming. . .
"
"676" "
Loving this new twist of old Norse stories adapted to the medievel era.
Some characters are though much more boring than than the Norse
characters, for example Cersei and Jamie. Sigmund and Sigi, the
incestuous twins that have a child(Sinfjotli) that murders the king and
his children. After this leaves his mother queen and sinfjotli
eventually is poisoned. This is one of many examples on exactly who the
characters in the series are based, not to mention that the entire
story is Ragnarok. White walkers, dragons and a very well placed Loki
in the form of petre baelish . If Baelish didn't exist stark never goes
to kings landing,john Aryan lives, cersei and kids die along with
daenarys and etc. One of the funnest aspects of the whole series is the
way it hints as to what will happen next. For example the irony of
tyrion telling oberyn you could at least wear a helmet or theon saying
he will look like a eunuch. Although i enjoy the series the books are
well worth the read as the series does edit much of what it considers
filler out. I enjoy the banter of the characters in the books more than
i do in the series and of course my favorite parts are almost never put
in the show. While the last season strayed further away from the books
I'm happy to see it go in that direction and leave more surprises for
us fans. Unfortunately its Norse roots makes it a story I've read
before with more profanity.
"
"677" "
Game of Thrones has really fantastic world and George Martin has edited
it very smartly. Despite it is independent of the books that are going
to release, people is still adoring the series.After George had quit writing the scenario of the series, everyone
start getting worried about that because they -and me- thought that
they would mess up it and normally we were afraid of that. But
fortunately they didn't against long odds. In fact, despite someone
said that \"they showed only the audience wants.\", the sixth season was
really awesome and finally some question ,that everyone was wondering,
was answered and like the others, I'm very very happy about that.PS: If you haven't watched yet, it's not too late. :)
"
"678" "
Well, i really enjoyed the first 4 seasons. Some interesting characters
and also character development within credible plots and some twists.
At first I didn't like Game of Thrones and needed a second attempt to
watch it. Once I get into the world of GoT i really like how the story
was told and only a few faults I noticed. With the start of season 5
and continuation in season 6 the show lost me, just a few good scenes
and developments. I didn't read the books, just started the first one.
And I think the TV show writers did a good job on the original material
by GRRM. Well, till they come to season 5 and 6. In season 6 they speed
up some story lines and I don't really care about most characters, how
can I if I see them only a few moments in a season? Now the characters
don't develop (no time for that) anymore, they just have to operate.
And the writing lost it's subtle brilliance, but we get a better
production value instead. I don't want to spoil and go into details,
but there a some plot developments and character actions which are just
poorly written, but it looks great. Obvious the makers switched focus,
for me the show lost it's high value and there are better shows to
watch but as I can see among my friends and reactions on the internet
most people agree with the show and where it is going. For me just the
bran plot line could be interesting in the future and also the white
walker part and the rest seems to be predictable. In the sixth season I
started reading fan theories and reviews and found more interesting
plot developments among the fans than the actual TV writers. To give it
a rating: 8 of 10 because of the first 4 Seasons, for season 5 and 6 I
would give a 6 and 7 (of 10).
"
"679" "
I heard a lot of people say this was good. I put of watching it for
months and wish i never. It is the best series i have ever watched ever
i love it. It takes a while to remember all the names of people and to
remember who they are working for. Do not watch it if you do not like
blood and violence because there is a lot and don't watch if easily
offended as there is a lot of sexual content in every episode nearly. I
must say it has a excellent story line and keeps you wanting more and
more every episode. Some characters you grow to love and some you
really hate them and i mean hate But that comes from the superb acting.
Game of thrones is fantastic.
"
"680" "
First of all - if you're hesitant to whether or not you should see it,
I'm telling you to watch it, but you gotta give it at least 3-4
episodes before you're in. There is a lot of different character ans
stories going on so you have to give it a chance. I my self got stuck
after the first episode, probably because I'm an actor myself and can
tell when a story is good. (does that even make sense?)Anyway, this is one of my favorite shows ever. I've always liked this
time period, and I got stuck after watching the first episode, and I've
been ever since. It's rare to find shows that are as well made as films
since they're under a lot of time and money pressure. This is for
anyone who wants a lot of great visual effect, action, and
cat-and-mouse game and brilliant storytelling. Words to describe this
show: bloddy violence, intrigue, epic, evil, sward fight,I give it 10 out of 10
"
"681" "
Overall show is awesome, on par with Breaking Bad, but the problem
(personally with me) is only nudity in it. Well to gain the market,
nudity in start makes sense, but please, I would like to say this (to
authors, if any is reading my review) that lessen the nudity. It will
not affect the rating now..... I rated it 9, I would have rated 10 if
it was clean. Or, please at least provide \"Censored\" version of all of
it as early as possible, that might be helpful... The storyline given
by George R. R. Martin is little bit different from what the writers of
shows have made it to Whoever has liked this show, should must watch
Breaking Bad, its on par with this show, or you can say it vice versa
too... Thanks
"
"682" "
I never thought that one day i would rate a US TV series with \"epic\".Peter Jackson is one of my personal \"heroes\", because he gave us The
Lord of the Rings (film series)and the hobbit. OK, you see - i love
fantasy.Then came Game of Thrones and i was flashed. This American fantasy
drama television series is for me also one masterpiece of an epic fairy
tale.All i can say: Please, please more of such epic masterpiece films. I
can say this is perhaps one of the best adaptation of a book into TV.
Top. Thanks.
"
"683" "
This show is amazing it has an immense world that's ever growing. And
it's unpredictable good watch most shows you can guess exactly where
it's headed not this one. The story will draw you in to a world that
you can't get enough of. I haven't read the books thou I'm tempted but
I love to absorb the story through the show. You will get deeply
involved with the characters and the world. I guess what my point is
the series is one of the best things I've ever seen on TV I am truly
addicted and am very excited for the next season. Gorge e.r Martin is a
literary genius and HBO did a fantastic amazing job bring his work to
life. My only complaint is I always want more.
"
"684" "Add another review"
"685" "
The storyline feels like something you need a Wikipedia page to follow.
It's the stuff of fantasy geek heaven, i.e.a strongly gritty period
drama with letter-perfect clothes, weapons and lingo, yet unencumbered
by historical facts or the weight of real events. Of all the sword-
flinging series which are on TV right now, Game of Thrones is by far
the best <U+0096> cloaking a clever commentary on modern day political
conniving with a gray Medieval-age story which feels like Rings' older,
sexed-up brother. The main accomplishment of Game of Thrones is in
that, while it should keep the hard-core fans satisfied, even viewers
who don't care if Theon is a Greyjoy or a Tully can have a good time.
"
"686" "
That \"Game of Thrones\" is one of the best show which has ever been
produced for TV, can't barely be denied, even if there are also many
people who cannot really understand that opinion. It seems to be a
matter of taste. Nevertheless, in my opinion, the incredible brutality
which takes place regularly on screen, sometimes seems to be a little
bit exaggerated. Of course it makes the show even more thrilling and
fascinating. But I would say, you can also make a good TV-show without
that amount of blood. There are enough others which proved that. I
think the reason for the producers to use so much blood, is that they
wanted to separate from other medieval fantasy shows. And they
succeeded.But nonetheless, despite of the maybe appropriated critique, the show
still is most likely one of the best ones I've ever seen. Of course,
the show is definitely nothing for the faint-hearted people, but for
all the others it is clearly worth to watch it, if you haven't done
that so far.I hope there are not too many mistakes in my text. If there are, I'm
sorry, but I'm no native speaker.
"
"687" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"688" "
Game of Thrones S4 came back with its epic, sprawling, bloody glory &
start the season satisfying climax...! Nothing can changes the mode
that setting up from season 1 to 4. day by day the hunger for power is
growing up from North to king's land. It's a greed beyond imaginable
because the remaining players of GOT still adapting & trying to move
things on there way and that's creating the story into widely possible
angles. As its best, the every single season is completely
unpredictable and meticulously detailed in its orchestration of pain
and agony. This is a most marvelous TV series aside from the LOST, I
can't think of any on- screen story that creates such a vast,
believable world out of imaginations.
"
"689" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"690" "
The first time I watched this show I was stunned! It is just so good! I
have watched all the episodes, and I still can't believe how detailed
and complicated this show is! GoT doesn't dumb things down, or make them simpler so anyone can
understand. You have to really get into the show, and most of all,
expect the unexpected. In this show, nothing is obvious, nothing is as
it seems. Main characters are killed, dreams are ruined, and most
unusual alliances are made. Don't have a favorite character because - Surprise, surprise, he's dead
in the next episode,and so is his wife, and mother, and unborn child,
and even his pet! Yeah, I'm talking about Robb Stark. The show is also very detailed, has good special effects and CGI, and
watching this show you'll get sucked right into a new world full of new
places to explore, people to meet and kill, and cultures and languages
to learn! Watch this show, and expect the unexpected, but be warned,
you'll be suffering from heartbreak in a few episodes!
"
"691" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"692" "
This is perhaps one of the best shows in TV, sponsored, obviously, by
HBO. The movie-scale production is magnificent. From the smallest
costume to the biggest set, it is entirely faithful to the books. The
cast performances are, not only true to it's characters, but to the
book design they have. I must say, however, that while season one was
narrowly perfect, season two felt different. Perhaps it is because
season one was, without considering minor details, completely faithful
to the first book, while important plot elements where altered from the
second book in the TV adaptation. The show creators have previously
stated that they are not adapting \"A Game of Thrones\", \"A Clash of
Kings\" and the other three books as each, but rather as the whole
series \"A Song Of Ice And Fire\" which gives them freedom to move scenes
and important elements. Yes, it gives them freedom to do so, but it
does not give them freedom to change the story plot. They have also
stated that character introduction is another reason for the changes.
Perhaps this one I can live with, for in the second book there are at
least thirty new characters, ten at least very important. Still, it's
not impossible. Look at Boardwalk Empire! It has more characters than I
can think about right now, and although Steve Buscemi's Nucky Thompson
is the central character, almost every other character has it's own
history. No matter what they say, in the second season, small changes
like the introduction Meera and Jojen Reed where acceptable, but the
changes made in the stories of Theon and especially Daenerys where just
out of place. For Theon's story, there is one key character which is
only mentioned, and not even by name. I seriously hope that this
character is introduced in the next season because not only Theon's,
but at least three other character's story is affected in the future by
said character. Daenerys story changes really made me suffer to watch
season two. Xaro Xhoan Daxos becoming King of Qarth? Daenerys'dragons
kidnapped by Pyat Pree? And as in Theon's story, at the end of Daenerys
story in the book there is at least one EXTREMELY IMPORTANT character
who makes an appearance, yet in the adaptation, he was nowhere to be
seen! This changes really made Daenerys story impossible to watch. No
matter how good your adaptation is, or how many viewers you have, you
just don't pull out important characters! Perhaps because I really
loved the books is why I disliked so much this changes, but still, I
hope they correct some of them in the next season, or, more precisely,
I hope the creators stay truer to the books. Ignoring all of that, this
is a must-see for Fantasy hard-core fans.
"
"693" "
I started watching this at the recommendation of a friend. I have to
say at first, I did not see what all the fuss was about. In the opening
scene I thought- this is going to be good, only to follow the majority
of Season One being consistently disappointed, bored , and hoping for
it to get better. I only kept watching because,asides from rave
reviews, and a fabulous cast, I did enjoy the stunning scenery, and
actually recognized some of the non-CGI'd landscapes from my childhood,
as some scenes were shot where I grew up. All the scenery, however, is
amazing- and I find myself totally drawn into this fictional land as a
result. I will say though that it took me the most of season 1, to get
a feel for the show, and while it was really slow for me at coming
together, the first season ended with everything that I was hoping for.
I never read the books that led to this screenplay, but if the screen
adaptation is anything to go by, I would imagine that it would be like
one of these books that you have difficulty getting into, but once you
do you absolutely can't put it down. I'm just beginning season 2 , and
am very glad I didn't give up on this show. Hat's off to the brilliant
acting from the cast- even with the slowness of Season 1 , their
amazing talent still shone through and were another reason I stuck with
it.
"
"694" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"695" "
First of all, this is only my opinion, you don't have to agree. But I
find Game of Thrones to be the most pretentious, sadistic, boring and
perverted show on earth. First off, its medieval setting is incredibly
cliché. Why do all fantasy things seem to take place in what resembles
medieval Europe? This has been WAY overdone in the genre. And then
there's the cruelty in the show. I love horror films, I love crime
thrillers, but in Game of Thrones the frequent violence is so
nonchalant that it's like a sociopath created a television program or
something! Of course the rise of nerd culture is likely what is making
this bizarre show so popular. All it is though is violence, boring
archaic dialogue and of course, sex constantly. Sex without love,
basically S/M porn for TV. Some viewers probably get off on it. It's
disgusting, like watching a snuff film broadcast into my house. I no
longer watch the show and have no plans to continue wasting my time
with it. People praise it for its \"political concepts\" and
\"well-developed characters\" and yet the show follows every fantasy
trope and its only edge is death and violent sex for shock value. The
whole show seems to exist largely just so its creators can push
boundaries by throwing in all kinds of psychotic garbage just to see if
they can pull it off and get away with it all. I know the books were
violent but never to this extent. Terrible show in my opinion and
however the hell it got such a high rating is absolutely beyond me.
"
"696" "
Game of Thrones has always had it's highs and lows in terms of quality.The earlier seasons (1,2,3,4) had a fantastic story, interesting
characters and great acting. It was quite an engrossing show and was my
favourite show at the time. Yes it had it's flaws, there were some
characters that got thrown away too quickly and there were plot holes
that never got covered, this never tarnished my overall experience
though.It's shame that the last two seasons have not been up to standards,
it's still an enjoyable show, but it's quality has dropped drastically.
The flaws are more noticeable now, with characters getting introduced
but getting hardly any development and getting dropped like flies with
no explanation. Another problem is the pacing, some story lines are
hardly moving forward and others are getting rushed. Original rating: 9/10 Current rating: 6/10
"
"697" "
I want to be truthful and say that I started watching this show this
year only and I just want to say that I'm spellbound everything was
just perfect from Cinematography to acting. No doubt why people like
Game Of Thrones. The things that I like about the show is the way it's
been showed to all of us the character representation as if they are
real life, the power struggle and on a short note it teaches many
things about life. Many dialogues are everyday's quotes. The show has
near to perfect assembled cast. The things that I didn't like about the
show is that amount of nudity they are showing which is unnecessary and
irrelevant to the story. Secondly, the writers and makers include The
author Itself George RR Martin, even though they are not following the
book. I feel that if they follow the book then the show would be
perfect and more enjoyable by the reviewers. Bottom Line: Perfect as
Diamond.
"
"698" "
I'll keep it short.It's an amazing show that really sucks you in and makes you talk about
it with your friends for days.You have the feeling that everything in
the show actually happened,making you bond to the characters even
more.And unlike many shows this one doesn't go far from the book.That's all until the 5th season.After that you don't know what's
happening.The show runners D&D keep ruining your favorite book
characters and writing stories that don't happen in the books all for
the sake of the \"shock factor\".The whole season 5 is based on \"wow,look
at this,this is so shocking\".In the last episode in literally every
scene there's a death and most of them don't happen in the books.I strongly recommend watching it up until the 5th season and then start
reading the books.Oh,and the only good scenes in season 5 are \"The walk
of shame\",\"Hardhome\" and the last scene in season 5.They are
brilliantly acted out and follow the books by letter.
"
"699" "Add another review"
"700" "
I understand that George R. R. Martin based \"A Song of Ice and Fire\" on
various and sundry wars and conquests throughout Europe's history.
Indeed, the characters on \"Game of Thrones\" seem to have no aim except
to fight for control of Westeros. It is as though their quest for
prestige has become an excuse to spend eternity fighting.I should note that this show is not for children. It's one of the most
violent shows that I've ever seen. Seriously, they leave little to the
imagination. I've never read the books on which the series is based,
but the series doesn't dumb anything down (understanding of course that
it's fantasy).Having just binge-watched the first season, I recommend the show.
Really impressive.
"
"701" "
I watched the first two seasons On Demand, then I decided to read all 5
books. I loved the books, but after season 4 I'm convinced that the
show is better. The casting of each character is perfect, particularly
for Oberyn Martell and Brienne. Peter Dinklage is terrific and Emilia
Clarke is sex on wheels. There is a lot of turnover in the casting and
I miss some of my favorite characters, but that's just the story. Seasons 1 and 2 were superb, season 3 dragged a tiny bit and season 4
was the best of the series so far. Largely because of Oberyn Martell. The show deviates from the book plot a little bit, and just about all
of them actually improved the story - filled some holes with a sensible
change. Grand slam home run, HBO. There are a ton of great HBO shows and this
is the crown jewel. HBO series beat the crap out of 99% of the movies
you're going to find in the theaters now.
"
"702" "
I had heard about George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire book
series for years but never got around to reading it. When they
announced the HBO show I was excited because I had a lot of friends who
read the books.But when I actually started watching the show, I actually found it
frustrating to watch. There were too many characters with too much
backstory that seemed to go unexplained. I felt like the show was
moving at a breakneck pace and wasn't catering to the non-book readers
at all. By the end of the fourth episode, I gave up. It was too
confusing. I couldn't keep track of it all and I felt like the show was
moving too fast.Sometime later, a friend urged me to give it another chance. He lent me
the blu-ray of season one and told me to watch the special features
that went into the background of the show. After watching that, it
clicked with me. I re-watched the first four episodes and loved them a
lot more. After that I was hooked. I quickly got caught up with the
series and found myself eagerly awaiting season 3.I started reading the books around that time and only just recently
finished book 5. I have to say that the books are even better than the
show! While the show is great for its fast paced plot, great acting and
stunning visuals, the books take a little more time to flesh out the
characters, go into the backstory, and spend a little more time with
exposition.The main problem I have with the show is that it's too fast paced. You
have to really pay close attention because if you miss one line of
dialog, it's easy to get lost. This was why I gave up when I initially
watched it. The show would benefit from the use of flashbacks and a
longer season (13 episodes seems perfect). Or maybe just take a bit
more time for character dialog to allow for more exposition. I know
some people might complain that there's \"too much talking\" already, but
I'm not one of those people who needs action all the time in my shows
and movies.That being said, once you understand what's going on, the show is
excellent and highly addictive. It's the best ongoing show on
television right now. Definitely watch it, and if you get lost, take a
break, watch some of the History of Westeros featurettes from the
blu-ray (also on youtube) and try again. It's definitely worth it.
"
"703" "
(I will speak only for the first season, to prevent any spoilers)Game of Thrones from HBO is not your parent's \"fantasy.\" It is dark,
gritty and is utterly realistic. It is a fantasy story that could only
be done, one place...HBO.The story it tells the sweeping. It has a cast of characters that
literally goes into the thousands. Even the \"main\" characters are quite
plentiful. It is an ensemble cast at its best. And what a cast they
have. HBO has collected some of the very best actors to play in this
wonderful new series. Eddard Stark: Sean Bean Cersei Lannister: Lena
Headey Tyrion Lannister Peter Dinklage Peyter \"LittleFingers\" Baelish:
Aiden GillenThe First season of game of Thrones on HBO closely follows the first
book in the series by George RR Martin. The story may begin to spin
away from the plot of the books,but reports have it that the first
season stays fairly close to what was written. Martin has a habit of
killing of major characters if the plot calls for their demise. This
means that when you favorite character is in peril, that peril is dire.
They may live...but they might not. You certainly have the right to
fear the outcome when thing go a little pear shaped.If you are not reading and/or watching this series: you should be.Thank you for Reading! Have a nice day!!!
"
"704" "
To begin I am irritated by some of the negative reviews.Unlike so many 'less-than-average' productions churned out these days
Game of Thrones does not patronize its audience by spelling out its
plot or playing grim music to identify the bad guys and the sweet
whistle of bird song to glorify our heroes.I will concede the point that the sex is excessive but not always
needlessly so. The scenes with lord Baelish for example do set the
contrast of the characters life in court with his main profession.So many of the negative reviews criticise the pace of the story and
claim that it is disjointed with too many characters. Indeed a 2 hour
film would have to get to the point but a series has the luxury of
developing the story and characters slowly and over the course of time. We are deliberately mislead to believe that Rob Stark's march south
would give the audience the justice that the Lanister's deserve. But if
we carry that forward and Rob had claimed victory, then when the Mother
of Dragons inevitably reached the shores of Kings Landing, would it be
Rob Stark's Kingdom that she would be burning? Basically the Bad guys
need to win for now so that we can enjoy Daenerys' sacking of the south
ensuring that their will be plenty of Dragon Fodder.More on this point, to those who lack the patients to understand the
logic of the story-line. If Winterfell is the most northerly town then
it would surely be the first to fall in either a Wildling attack of the
Kingdoms or the advance of the white-walkers. With the rangers withered
the Wilding army under Mance Rayder will be the first fodder that the
audience cares nothing about and will hold the wall and take the brunt
of the White Walker attack. We now have a foe in Lord Brighton as
warden of the north who we can happily watch die at Winterfell with a
sense of justice.Thus the story will play out as the seven kingdoms, repressed by their
kings and wars flock to the Queen of Dragons and her liberated slaves
to raise an army to march North to reclaim civilization from the White
walkers.Bran, Rickon and Arya will rise to give us the relief from the
injustices done the the noble Stark family by surviving the war and
they all live happily ever after.
"
"705" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"706" "
With the introductory episodes out of the way, and nearly all major
narratives firmly established, this week we were treated to an
especially raucous, brutally violent, and at times laugh-out-loud funny
installment of a show that is already known for its violence and dark
humor.\"Walk of Punishment,\" which could easily describe most of the events of
books three and four in one succinct phrase, kicked things into high
gear with our first big jaw-dropping moment, as well as not one, but
two near rapes. It's overall a sprawling, but enjoyable episode which
keeps the momentum going that was built in the previous two entries for
the most part, aside from a few scenes in King's Landing that dragged
mostly due to lack of real conflict at the moment.So looks like I was wrong last week in saying we had met all the
characters, when there was still Edmure and The Blackfish to be seen.
How could I forget Blackfish after his two-season absence? And what
better way to introduce such a beloved character from the books.
Pushing aside Edmure after he fails to light the floating funeral pyre
three times, Brynden \"Blackfish\" Tully makes short work of the matter
when he fires a flaming arrow directly into the boat as it drifts into
the distance, without even a glance back to see if it hits; the
Medieval version of walking away from an explosion. Obviously, this is
a man you want on your side. As we see in the meeting between Robb and
Blackfish, he is a much more respected figure than Edmure, Robb's
uncle, despite his status as the black sheep of the fish-sigiled family
(thus the nickname, in case it wasn't clear). Later, Catelyn and
Blackfish discuss the recently deceased Hoster Tully, whom she cries
over. It's harder to connect emotionally to the death of someone we've
never seen on screen or interact with Cat before, but when it becomes
obvious that she's grieving more for the situation that she's put her
own children into by leaving them the way her father left her, it's a
much more gripping and heartbreaking scene.Meanwhile, back in King's Landing, the small council has gathered to
discuss affairs of state, beginning with a humorous chair shuffling
scene, depicting more of Tyrion's satirical wit to the exasperation of
the no-nonsense Tywin. And with the shuffling of the chairs so comes
the shuffling of titles; Littlefinger is off to woo the widowed Lysa
Arryn (Catelyn's not-quite-all-there sister) leaving Tyrion to take
charge of the royal coffers. A bit of a demotion from Hand of the King,
but at least he still has power, and after the emotionally crippling
talk with his father in the first episode, it's a sugar-coated bitter
pill. Tyrion also gives us the funniest scene so far this season when
he decides to reward his faithful squire, Pod, for saving his life in
the Battle of Blackwater Bay. Being that it's Tyrion, naturally Pod is
rewarded with three working girls, which fills Game of Thrones' weekly
nudity quota. However, when Pod returns from the brothel and lays the
gold to pay the girls on his desk, Tyrion and Bronn are hilariously in
stunned awe, and demand to know the details of Pod's first real and, by
all imagination, miraculous conquest.In a bit of fun for readers of the books, we're treated to a boisterous
rendition of 'The Bear and the Maiden Fair' by Jaime and Brienne's
captors, while the odd couple are literally bound to each other. In yet
another smart move by the show runners, the list of important names has
been shaved in an attempt to be kind to viewer's brains, but readers
may be a little miffed at the absence of Vargo Hoat and his Bloody
Mummers, when their appearance is so memorable. At least now that
they're in the same dangerous boat, Jaime seems to be opening up to the
female knight in a small way, when he gives her genuine advice on what
to do when the captors rape her. Uh<U+0085> baby steps? To read the rest (IMDb form too short) visit:
custodianfilmcritic.com/game-of-thrones-3-3-walk-of-punishment/
"
"707" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"708" "
Gloriously big, classy, brave, sexy and violent production of George RR
Martin's extraordinary \"Game of Thrones\" saga. The show benefits
incalculably from the now-familiar HBO approach (lots of tits, lots of
gore, great acting by heavyweights - lots of Brits, yay! - amazing
scenery and set design, costumes, the lot), and it creates more vivid
tableaux-vivants from Martin's wonderful source material than anyone,
it seems, thought possible. Right down to the beautifully intricate
steam punk opening credits, this is a whole show, thought through
consistently and presumably costing an absolute fortune to make. The
writer whose books have sold in the tens of millions deserves no less,
but it was still surprising to see scenes take place on screen that
matched so completely those that had occurred in my imagination when
reading the books.The script is snappy and clever; characters scheme and fight, and face
bigger, scarier threats than knights' swords. Almost every actor with a
speaking part performs excellently. There were just one or two that
seemed a trifle weak to me; for example, Lena Headey, beautiful in her
huge blond tresses, corrupt as sin, but strangely lacking in commitment
to her lines. I was initially disappointed by Emilia Clarke as Dany,
and her story among the Dothraki - and by her Khal, clearly chosen for
his man-mountain status and stripped of dialogue - may as well have
been Chewbacca. But I warmed to Dany as the series went on, and her
final appearances in Series 2 were truly powerful. Good on her. \"The
Imp\" gets all the best lines, as indeed Peter Dinklage deserves - a
great, once-in-a-lifetime part.Speaking as an anti-Lord-of-the-Rings person, I would say that the
whole thing is great, great stuff. Please, go out and enjoy.
"
"709" "
Game of thrones is one of the best TV shows ever made.It is in the
leauge of Breaking Bad which is also incredible. What makes it such a
good show is the vastness of it. Its a huge setting, huge cast and huge
plot with so many twists and turns. The acting is amazing and you start
to relate to certain characters on a personal level. The graphic
violence and explicit sex just add to the perfection of the show.Short review but please start to watch Game of Thrones because you will
not be disappointed. Forget big brother and CSI, this is the real
thing! 10/10. Also you may wish to read the books before hand but its
not imperitive. The books are quite breath taking though.
"
"710" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"711" "
Being a huge fan of the fantasy genre, I knew this series would be
right up my street, and I was in no way disappointed. The intertwining
story arcs tell a compelling story, in which there are no definitive
goodies or baddies, although British viewers might pick up on the
annoying pattern whereby the more northern somebody's accent is, then
the more likely they are to be noble (and will also be a bit confused
at how people in the same family can have randomly acquired Manc,
Scouse or Geordie accents<U+0085>). Also, despite the fantastic sets, you do
sometimes feel a bit short-changed with the visuals. Viewers groomed on
the visual splendour of the likes of the lord of the Rings may feel a
bit let down by the made-for-TV feel of supposedly epic scenes. Rather
than fearsome armies, most of the troops and 'battle' scenes sometimes
don't fool us into believing we are watching anything other than what
they really are, namely a small group of extras on horses and holding
cardboard shields in a field in Northern Ireland. And the sex? I love a
bit of porn as much as the next man, but in GoT it does sometimes seem
a little gratuitous. In one scene, where Bran is talking to the wild
woman, a naked 'giant' appears from the bushes, before he is told to go
and put some clothes on and runs off. What on earth did that have to do
with the story other than the chance for us to see another penis? And
it does get very confusing at points. The first episode introduces so
many different characters that when it gets to the key scene at the
end, I was so lost that I had no idea who the two people were in the
tower, let alone that it was a queen having sex with her brother. The
series does a great job of explaining everything, but even so, for
those like myself who never read the book, it's hard to follow who the
various hangers on in the court in the south and the seemingly eternal
string of Stark siblings are. Names like Jaime, Theon and Tyron keep
cropping up, but it all happens so fast that the less informed viewer
ends up not having a clue who they are talking about. But these gripes
aside, what a terrific series and I can't wait for the second. Unlike
so many series, in this one it really is hard to see what's coming,
helped by the fact that a number of central characters get killed. In
GoT, you never feel the dramatic tension lost because you know there's
no way so-and-so is going to be killed. I was dreading a similar fate
would befall Daenerys <U+0085> one of the most delightful pieces of eye candy
ever to appear on TV. And the underlying message for me at least is how
so many real battles were fought not for the good of the people but to
satisfy the whims of royalty. It is the growing threat from north of
the wall that these people should really be worrying about, but instead
they continue to shed blood in the name of their petty family feuds. A
nice allegory for how the world today sees nations vying with each
other rather than fighting for the things that really matter.
"
"712" "
The first time I tried to watch the show I wasn't impressed cause it
seemed to evolve slow and I left it for a couple of months. After a
while I forced my self to watch again since a friend of mine strongly
recommended that I do... and damn was she right! This is one of the
best TV series I have ever watched. Brilliant! An emotional roller
coaster. Last episode I watched \"The door\" blew my mind. Watch GoT. You
will not be disappointed. Great choice of actors and amazing
performances. Also the soundtrack is unbelievable, the atmosphere is
great, the level of detail and story consistency are perfect. I
recommend this to everyone.
"
"713" "Add another review"
"714" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"715" "
The TV series has proved to be one a stellar adaptation coming from the
Books. Reading through the stories as I waited for each episode from
season 1 up to season 6 has made me understand the story better. I love
how carefully they had planned out the details of the show. Actors were chosen carefully, however, it did not sit well for me when
the show announced that they would changing one actor back after
changing another again. I won't go into specifics on this one, so if
your curious-- well, I would suggest that you have to look it up
through the details posted here on IMDd. In overall, despite the story line in a different era-- it was indeed
timely and exhilarating to watch. I look forward to more episodes of
GOT until the very end!
"
"716" "
First of all, I don't say this show sucks, but it sucks hard comparing
to the books.This show began with a great potential, until they started to be
unloyal to the book series.I personally think that the relations, wars, etc. are well told in the
books, however, they decided to change these in the TV series (which I
don't know why), they started by not even mentioning really important
parts, they also started creating new stories which are stupid
comparing to the ones within the book. And the new story they created is really became dumb.I cannot believe how George Martin let them to ruin a masterpiece like
this.All I ever wonder about this show is why did they decide to ruin this
story by changing it this much (and changing it with untalented
scenario writing), instead of writing/creating a new story,not related
to GOT.My beliefs for this series are similar to Peter Jackson's Hobbit
trilogy, which was ruined in a similar way. Those movies were not bad
either, but Jackson changed the story too much, and it led me to think
the same - why ruin this one and not create a new goddamn story not
related to Hobbit?I simply cannot understand. If they stood loyal to the books in GOT (I admit it's impossible to
stay loyal %100, but I'd expect at least not changing the story), it'd
be a great, I mean really great show.But now, it has become only a \"good show\".
"
"717" "
I'll start out by saying I've never read the books. I've been told
repeatedly that I should, but thus far I've never taken the
opportunity.The very first episode of this show featured gore, death, violence, bad
language, nudity, sex and incest. But, luckily, also had a strong plot
and some very engaging characters. And throughout the four series that
have been shown to date, nothing much has changed. It's still packed to
the gunwales with all the same sort of action and each of the key
characters' plots progress nicely and, to a varying degree, with some
realism within the realm of the environment.I do have a few issues with the series, though. Firstly, the Lowest
Common Denominator facets of sex, nudity, violence and swearing are a
bit much at times. It's definitely uncomfortable viewing with your mum,
I would expect! Secondly, some of the story lines seem to either drag
along or peter out without any real crescendo. Granted, it's probably
more realistic that some situations just play out with little
consequence, but occasionally you'll follow a storyline that really
engages you, just for it to tail off disappointingly without any real
conclusion. Thirdly, some of the story lines that drag on are now
becoming a bit difficult to untangle from the newer plot-lines.
Apparently, this is a fault with the author and not the script writers,
but it does make some episodes dull and others a bit hard to follow.But on the plus side, there's some really good characters who are
hugely engaging. The Lannisters, as horrible as they are, are all
strong and played well by their respective actors. With the exception
of Tyrion, who is different because he's not horrible, just
Machiavellian. I actually find myself rooting for him when he's in
bother because he's such a brilliant part and played to perfection by
Peter Dinklage. Screen Junkies say he's down to play every cool dwarf
part until he dies or Warwick Davies kills him, and they're spot on
with that. But even outside of this key family, the parts are very well
played.And the most intriguing part is that, even with the backing of HBO and
the clearly US levels of funding it has, it's actually a British
programme! It makes me proud to see that our little nation can still
produce such incredible shows, and yet sad that we need our American
cousins to fork out for them because we're too busy churning out crappy
reality shows.
"
"718" "
I have watched every episode of this intriguing, beautifully done
series. I am very impressed with the top quality acting that comes
across with every person in the series. I am particularly fond of Peter
Dinklage and Jack Gleeson (King Joffrey). They are definitely a notch
above spectacular. Jack Gleeson should become famous after this show,
this kid is extremely talented. He is playing his bad guy part to the
hilt. I put him in the class of Jason Issacs of Braveheart and Alan
Rickman as Sheriff of Notingham in the Kevin Costner Robin Hood movie.
He does such despicable acts with the glee and enjoyment much like Alan
Rickman. I would love to see him do many different roles, to display
talents for all types of films. Good luck to you, what a future you
have Mr. Gleeson.
"
"719" "
This series has a story that unravels piece by piece, and gives time
for the characters to develop and show their acting! The actors excel
in every scene and the story keeps you glued to the TV. It is really
the best series i have ever seen, it has action and the storyline is
great. It's difficult to describe how good it is, the scenarios are
deep and bring us to forget day to day life. It is way better than a
Lord of the Rings version series, it's story is richer and more
compelling, has less action, but it's story compensates. I compare it
with Battlestar Galactica or Stargate Atlantis, that were well written
and produced, but i think this one could be better. Pros: Actors,
Storyline , well produced, action! I think the producers prove
themselves as genius not in movies but only in series, as it is a lot
more difficult to keep a great audience for a long time, and this one
could be one of those!!
"
"720" "
Most boring major show ever -- I gave up during season two -- nothing
was happening, and the entire story is just like a bloodthirsty
medieval royal family, France to be exact, where he got the idea, from
series of historical French novels taking place in the 13th century.. The only thing making it \"modern\" or a fantasy is apparently a dragon,
which never appeared while I watched.. then a friend said that big wall
in the wilderness was to keep out zombies? unreal - how trivial, and
unimaginative.. when you want vapid fans to flock to see it, add
vampires or zombies or both.. Lowest common denominator stuff, just made with big money... I don't
have a decade to spare to wait for this to unfold more violence and
greed, that's been done so often that there's nothing illuminating or
cathartic in it for me, but apparently it's new to people who are
probably new to life itself, like those under 30..My hope is that before finishing the book series or the TV show, George
Martin will suddenly die, that would be appropriate.. his SF writing is
much better to me, like Sandkings.. check it out..I give it five on production values alone, and Peter Dinklage's acting,
but he's better in The Station Agent
"
"721" "
They're really milking the series <U+0097> a lot of filler has extended a
story that could've been told in completion with a few 8 episode
seasons.Season 6 is really pushing things <U+0097> my biggest issue with it is waking
up and having to find the point in an episode where I fell asleep.
That, and killing a major character in a season finale for dramatic
effect, and then bringing him or her back to life -- lazy storytelling.
AmbienTV...The subtitled scenes are a bit pretentious, either give me an entire
foreign language series with subtitles, or give me spoken English <U+0097>
especially now as Game of Thrones season 6 has achieved that level of
TV where you can let it run in the background and just zone in on the
good parts :-(
"
"722" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"723" "
The realism is scary with the attention to detail in the sets and
locations. Its easy to see no money was spared in conveying a sense of
the middle ages. Some will be turned off by the male and female frontal
nudity, cussing and not so authentic, supposedly middle ages script. In
fact, in some scenes it seems you might be over hearing a conversation
on the London Tube or NYC Subway, and I'm only slightly exaggerating.
Even with these drawbacks Game of Thrones is still a wonder to behold.
I've just recently acquired, via loan, from my public library the
Seasons 1 & 2. For those of us of common lineage, unable to afford an
HBO cable connection that is, its a smart way to play. Even if one has
to wait for these DVD discs to see them, its well worth the wait.
"
"724" "
This show is very well done. It is not often that the TV show/film will
come so close to the books as far as quality and similarity. It is
obviously hard to provide as much in depth character and scene
descriptions as the books do. However, the books are also about 1,000
pages each.If you have not seen the show, I would HIGHLY recommend giving it a
try. Very easy to get hooked instantly. I saw the first 2 seasons
before deciding to read the books. I have a job and go to school so you
can understand why I was hesitant. It is definitely a time commitment.
My girlfriend was not pleased, but I am halfway through the 3rd book
after a month and would even say these surpass Tolkien's work (barely).All in all, no one I have talked to personally has disliked the show. I
do not think you will either. VERY ENTERTAINING!
"
"725" "
It's not that it's not wonderfully-made, with good acting, scenery, and
writing, it's just that it's not the kinda TV show I like. I find it
somewhat boring, slow, and over-hyped-for by many TV show and Book
fans. It's not all bad, everything about it's good when it comes to acting
and writing, obviously, it's just, what it's about, for me, isn't good,
intriguing, or time-worthy. I would only give Game of Thrones 5.5 out of 10, it's fantastic in
terms of acting, set locations, dialogue, etc, but it fails to draw me
in, get my attention, and/or intrigue me. It's simply boring, and it's
just not my kind of thing. If you're a fan of the books you'll by all
means love it, and you'll love it if you're a fan of these kind of
fantasy/medieval shows and what not. Fortunately, there are better
shows out there that grab me and suck me in, rather than keep me
sitting patiently and in a boring-manner. 5.5/10.
"
"726" "Add another review"
"727" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"728" "
The most overrated show out there,after season 2 the writing of this
show is so bad.The showrunners hate characters like Stannis,and because
of their hate and misunderstanding of the character they butcher his
whole story-line,they love characters like Tyrion,Jon and Daenerys and
they always make them look like heroes,when this show started no one
everything was unpredictable while now and especially in season 6
everyone predicted everything just from the very first trailer.The
writers choose only to kiss a** and do only what the fans want.From a
good show that everything that happened mattered now
Daenerys,Tyrion,Jon and Arya have plot armors and do whatever they want
without any consequence.I know i sound like a hater but as a book
reader comparing the quality of the writing between the books and the
show,i see that the show is just awful,I don't want an exact copy of
the books,because the show is an adaptation but I can't stand this
stupid fan-fiction,even GRRM himself called the show a fan-fiction(3
out of 10 only for the high budget,great visuals and good actors that
this show used to have e.x Charles Dance,Stephen Dillane etc.)
"
"729" "
Each episode is usually about 55 minutes long, take out the ridiculous
2 minutes (!) intro and final credits and you get 52 minutes which
suppose to cover more than 10 story lines. In a good episode we get to
see about half of them. In a very good episode something actually
happens in the sub plots. Sooner or later we will get tired of waiting, so why not to put some
more meat into the story and make longer episodes?Don't tell me it will be expensive because they will cover it with 3
more commercials..There is more than enough material to write longer episodes and the
production value of the series will be able to hold it. Who else think that each episode should be 90 minutes long?
"
"730" "
I mainly watch GOT because I like Peter Dinklage - he's clearly
brilliant. The show is very well-produced but it does drag. I always
multi-task while watching because the plot is repetitive. There are
also numerous two-dimensional characters where you just chuckle when
they get decapitated or hump each other or whatever. A lot of the
actors carry flat, wooden faces throughout their entire on screen
existence (including the girl with the dragons). Having posted that,
the dragons are indeed cool. So I guess I'm just another fantasy nerd
like everyone else who watches this show. Game of Thrones is not 100%
compelling and it's hard to believe anyone would watch an episode more
than once, unless for clarification
"
"731" "
I knew nothing about this series, neither literature nor this screen
adaptation, nor even the author's work and name. This discovery was
perfectly casual if it wasn't by my sceptical analysis of recent
Conan's adaptation. We discussed John Millus' Conan, Robert E. Howard's
and \"Savage Sword of Conan\", summoning the souls that should be
transposed to the big screen. It was mentioned the plastic and orgasmic status Hollywood had
presently acquired from the past few decades since its lack of
profoundness, lack of critical approach, exuberance of ephemeral
sensational effects and deeply poor acting had become its rooted motto
of making money by exclusive brief debuts and marketing. The audience
is attracted to a blockbuster movie like a donkey is to a carrot,
exactly what I was expecting and confirmed later to be the new \"Conan\".
Someone suggested This series in contrast to the cheesy updated
blockbuster. This introduction reminds me that I found everything I was searching
for not in the new \"Conan\" adaptation but here, in \"Game of Thrones\" -
the art of narrative, the real acting and the incredible immersion in a
fictionalized world where ancient archetypes and human spirit, plots,
dilemmas, are all present. For my surprise I had my fingers fondling my
beard, synonymous of intensely tasting what I was seeing while
following the pilot episode, cursing slang with excellency
attributions.Tolkien was always a reference since I remember, directly or
unconsciously in my fictional world and I always felt that good
adaptations of big tomes couldn't arise from spectacular blockbusters
nor compressed movies - its juice would be simply wasted. Lord of the
Rings was average but it wouldn't be that juicy if some few excellent
actors and some very good special effects weren't present.But what can I say more? Shakespeare, Tolkien, literature, very wise
application of special effects, excellent plot and acting, bold posture
of using nudity naturally, bold posture of having a \"dwarf\" as main
character (my favorite by the way) breaking bounds of politically
correct, excellent costumes and characterization, what can I say more?
I found everything here and like a kid I'm anxious to see the next
episode (updated:season) already attached to the characters and this
complex unpredictable and political world.Congratulations to George R. R. Martin the composer, to David Benioff
and D.B. Weiss the marvelous interpreters and congratulations to the
Bold HBO that allowed it to be materialized as also as to every
mastered craftsman making it possible.
"
"732" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"733" "
Much was said about these series and there is a firm fan base who
swallow whatever they feed them under the name of \"Game of Thrones\" so
I bet this review would get some stiff resistance and dislike but the
truth should be told. They call it a success! I don't know how to
assess success for a TV show at the time of illegal torrent downloads.
Yes, it was very successful in luring more illegal downloads than any
other show in history and I assume it happened because of the high
price of HBO as premium cable channels and its exclusive and somehow
restricted broadcast through very limited channels. Forbidden fruit is
always exiting even if its apple, a fruit which is anything but exiting
in reality! Game of thrones is a nice show, it sure has very good
production, character development is brilliant as there are no heroes
and there are almost no pure villains. that's what I like about it.
It's not black and white, its grey! but the screenplay lack the thrust.
Episodes come and go and nothing really happens. It was like it from
the very beginning, it never improved, just continued like a flat line.
After watching couple of episodes, it downgraded to the level of well
polished soap opera. I was on my laptop doing my work and it was on on
TV. Each 2-3 hours i had to raise my head t see whats going on, I liked
to know what happens at the end but the way to the end was so boring
that I decided to make it tolerable with multi tasking. Show is well
produced with the worst screenply, 5/10 for nice set up only!
"
"734" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"735" "
What is good: casting, production values, complexity and a fairly good
balance or mix of action, drama, comedy and romance.Compared to the recent Arthur, Merlin and Pillars series, Game of
Thrones is extremely well cast. There are no major blunders with actors
picked to play lead characters. This is an accomplishment.I also like that it has the Fire&Ice opening credits lending it a
timeless TV vibe.And most of all about GAME, I really love watching the young Shakira
actress who plays the queen/mother of the dragons. Her every body
movement is consistently slow. There is a sexy slow motion grace with
her hip-popping Shakira \"Suerte\" outfit sometimes worn, sometimes not
worn... 100% slow-dreamy pleasure. Beyond good.But there are problems (going by TV / leaving books aside). We see no
build-up or justification for Ned Stark to ever want to actually be a
temporary regent. OK, yes, he might be willing to do it out of
kindness, friendship or whatever, but nothing is ever shown to ever
tell us that he was so blindingly dumb or blindingly power-hungry or
blindingly anything to ever want to risk wasting his time to be a
temporary regent, let alone push to do it, let alone risk life or limb
to do it... let alone risking his defenseless children to do it.\"Our old dead King wanted me to be Regent for a while, but if you all
are fine, I will return to Winterfell and stay busy minding the north
for you. Any problems, write.\" This would be a win-win. This would be easiest. This would carry the
least risk. Ned Stark had no motivation to do what was unpleasant, to
do what was hard, to do what was risky, once his King friend was dead
and gone.When in prison helpless and powerless, a childless neuter had to remind
Ned that he has children in danger. The respected Ned Stark -
forgetting he is a father. Forgetting he has children to protect. Not
realistic. Another problem is the most evil players in GAME are invincible. Year
after year, the great bad guys cannot be removed from \"the game\". Real
fighting kills the great good guys, but never the great bad guys. Magic
kills the great good guys, but never the great bad guys. Invincible bad
guys ultimately make a story gloomy and pointless.Another problem is neutral parties, when given a choice between joining
a brutal dishonest ruthless untrustworthy power-mad king, or joining a
king with honor seeking justice rather than power -- the neutral
parties will always join the dangerous untrustworthy king. This is
reckless and unrealistic.Another problem is the greatest, most complex, most sweeping deception
seen in the entire series was carried out by a loony old man with no
right hand seen to conduct small things, let alone great secret things.
No team running anything. The old man keeps his sons at a distance. He
openly treats them with no respect. His sons show no like for him. His
daughters are even more worthless.This weak old man could see his wife easily killed with no bother, all
the while, he is surrounded by his adult children who hate him? The
feeble old man is at the mercy of his close kin, so how could he not
expect them to punish him for not caring to protect one of them? Not
realistic. He dares eat a meal after what he did?Leaving aside the old man's unhappy nest, what about the army of the
good King? Why is the army of the good King loyal enough to win mighty
battles, yet not loyal enough to seek any revenge when the feeble old
man somehow manages to kill the good King?GAME has too many 80YO men making babies and having hard interactions
with young ladies. This is olden times long before the invention of
serious ED drugs?And although the Shakira queen is a pleasure to look at, year after
year she says some really dumb things. \"If X, I will die. If X, I will
kill you. After I am dead? I think.\" I don't care much for the magic and supernaturalism. GAME would be
better without it. But even more distracting is the use of modern
language. Lots of modern slang language is used in GAME, excused as
being the common tongue. But as soon as the modern slang erupts, the
illusion to olden times completely disappears. Much effort and costly
production values have gone into the illusion of being in ancient
times, it seems a shame to ruin it all every 13mins for no good reason.
The illusion is more powerful, for example, when the young Stark girl
speaks with Jaqur. It is weakest when the dwarf and/or the Hound start
speaking slang.The final weakness is with general realism. GAME is far too modern with
its social treatment of butch lesbians and dwarfs. It also lacks
realism by having far too much happen at night. Visit a primitive
location on earth today where electricity is rare, just as modern birth
control is rare, and see how life begins at morning light. With no
fridge or freezers, see how fresh food comes from the swarms of
chickens walking everywhere all of the time. Rich people have many
chickens running around. Poor people have not so many. But clearly,
chickens and roosters rule the sounds of morning. Along with a sea of
chickens, every young women has an infant, a 1+2+3YO and so on. A
simple village is brimming with toddlers and infants. If chickens and
babies are not seen everywhere, they are heard everywhere.Having many small animals & toddlers make a production difficult, but
these simple realistic sounds are not heard. GAME looks like an old
place, but it doesn't sound like an old primitive place. GAME has many
problems.
"
"736" "
This Last season has been nothing but negativity.One episode after another, just downers. Or plain boring.I don't get any joy or excitement from watching Game of Thrones
anymore. I just feel crappy.I'll probably watch the next episode, but I'm not looking forward to
it. And it will probably be when I don't have anything else to watch.Game of thrones was a great series to watch before. Now it just seems
like it's going out of it's way to try to shock, instead of entertain.So... if this is how it's going to be from now on. Then I'll probably
move on to other things to watch.
"
"737" "
Have to say that shortly after the start of season five I have become
weary of so much sadistic violence over and over again and not anything
good ever happening. The story line keeps dragging on and on with
seemingly only new angles on just what different and graphic forms of
killing and mutilation can be devised and delivered with optimum
special effects. It is a game of thrones and a game where not only
nobody wins but just how badly everyone loses, one at a time, told in
layered story groupings, episode after episode. Enough already.
Apparently this is what keeps the series ratings high and I just no
longer want to be a part of this feed so goodbye Game of Thrones.
"
"738" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"739" "
Heard a lot about this show with everyone saying how great it was so I
decided to watch it to see if it was as good as I was told. I found the
first episode a little boring and slow but figured it was setting up
the characters, etc.Well from there it went downhill. I watched all of Season 1 and half of
Season 2 and I couldn't stomach it any longer. In my opinion, none of
the characters are all that likable and the few I did like get killed
off very quickly, usually with much gore.Then there are the numerous and pretty graphic sex scenes which seem to
be thrown into the show for the purpose of titillating (pun intended)
the audience who I assume to be in the 18-35 bracket. I'm not a prude,
but I never saw any tender love scenes, just gay sex, incest and rape.
It's pretty much soft porn with a story.By the last episode I watched I couldn't care less about who regained
control of \"The mythical land of Westeros\". I hope parents aren't
letting their children watch this debauchery.Everyone has their own opinion of what is a good show and this, in my
own opinion is utter garbage.
"
"740" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"741" "
It always felt like this show was sitting just below excellence.
Feeling the need to take a cheeky giggle at a nipple or dick every so
often to make the viewer pay attention.D+D The producers of the show clearly think you're not very clever if
you watch this program. You need a pair of boobs every so often to keep
you going through a story far too difficult to follow for a TV
simpleton. That's nonsense, and yet they do it every episode. No one in
Game of Thrones is looking to fight for what they believe in, or for
honour, or for freedom. They're too busy wandering from North to South
and East to West finding their next companion for ludicrous out of the
blue sex scenes. If it's not sex, then the character will probably die at any moment
too. Killing characters makes a show deep and clever, no one is
safe...that's what you're supposed to believe. The boobs are classy,
the deaths are clever. Shut up and eat some popcorn and stop thinking
about the world or questioning the dubious quality of this show. If you
wanted clever you'd read a book, but lalalalalala there isn't a book
like this anywhere on the planet and you should definitely not look for
one!The way this story has proceeded is pathetic. Shallow. Half baked and
weak throughout. Characters have no depth what so ever. TV can be
excellent and characters can be complex, just check out Breaking Bad
for a quick and easy example. Shows do not need constant death or
constant sex to sell. We don't need silly one liners throughout every
scene. The story to Game of Thrones was supposed to be epic, and yet
it's now just one big story about how a pretty girl with nice boobs and
3 dragons is going to fly across the world and become queen.This is not good enough and the shark has officially jumped.
"
"742" "Add another review"
"743" "
Where Game of Thrones stumbles is it's (dis)ability to properly handle
characters and a story at once. The creators of this show are
apparently bound on showing needless scenes of naked woman belittling
themselves in every episode. Nothing is right with that statement. Just
because your show is on HBO doesn't mean nudity needs to appear
whenever possible. See Silicon Valley, why can't all HBO shows handle
nudity like that? Oh yeah, because Game of Thrones needs an audience.
Strip the nudity and you have a worthless show that may be the most
atrocious thing to ever exist. Perhaps you will all see come the final
season, because eventually the writers have to stop daydreaming of
women and actually make a television show.
"
"744" "
I delayed watching this show for a long time. And i regret it. It has
to be the best shows out there. Acting is superb, plot is good too.
And, shock value is extreme. Some people complain that their favorite
characters are getting killed. But this is what makes them different
from other shows. Its unpredictability is its usp.Seven noble families fight for control of the mythical land of
Westeros. This is what the plot in short is. We come to see betrayals,
seduction, secrets, loyalty etc. There are a lot of people who complain about nudity, but there is not
that much. But yes its show meant for the adults. Every season comes up
with new twists and turns. I finished watching 4 seasons in just 2
weeks. and now looking forward to the 5th season. 10/10 for me.
"
"745" "
I think the show really captures its audience, not through CGI dragons
and mystical lands and what not, but through the idea of power and what
it can do. The show captures the evolving nature of characters facing
hard choices that call for even harder decisions, for example the
evolving of Daenerys's character throughout the whole show is by itself
a good reason to keep watching the show, and this could really apply to
everyone else. This is an important asset that we do not see that often
with shows nowadays, most shows are focusing on attracting the audience
rather than building a solid storyline to carry through the show. When
I first watched GOT, I got hooked fast, because I was just bored
watching the same ideas over and over again ( cops shows, medical crew
shows, housewives shows, detective shows) Definitely one of my all time
favorite shows.
"
"746" "
Game of thrones is an increasingly hard TV series to review. I started
the show during the third season but have since invested a lot of time
to the book series and have started to understand the amazing
complexity that George RR Martin has weaved throughout his emotional
masterpiece. Sadly, the TV show cant replicate this complexity of each
character development and plot line but it can give the audience an
enjoyable, funny, clever but somewhat lacking version of ASOIAF. If one
watches the show without the books, one will enjoy the events even
though they are tough to witness and recall the tragedies of recent
emotional stories such as the Wire. But a book reader will be
ultimately left with a shallow view of the multi dimensional stories
that they have read throughout 5 books. The performances are excellent
but the characters themselves pale next to the complex characteristics
of each character in terms of psychology and what GRR Martin considers
the apex of ASOIAF: The human heart in conflict with itself.
"
"747" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"748" "
I liked this show from the first season; despite some fantasies
involved.But the director knew exactly how to attract fantasy haters, so the
production of this show took a lot of good money & time on making it
well worth the viewer's time.The build up of the series is incredible.. even until current season,
it only seems as if the show has started and it has a lot more to go
through.My expectation is that this show will last very long (who knows, maybe
even longer than Bold & the beautiful).One little detail I didn't like is the redhair lord of light servant..
now we all know this is a medieval/ancient fictional setting.. but even
in other planets.. fake lips don't exist except in planet Earth in the
dumb century of 21.This detail had me avoid eating lunch/dinner while watching since it's
quite disgusting for me to look at cosmetic surgery humans.. apart from
that, I'm still puzzled at how most of the world are in love with hairy
girl emilia clarke.. in a nutshell she is an average looking women who
is definitely a skank without makeup.. and just a look at her mammal
hands can make a man lose appetite.. so I give this advice to all you
horny males out there: Not all that moans is hot.
"
"749" "*** This review may contain spoilers ***"
"750" "
This is \"Lord of the Rings\" meets \"Texas Chainsaw Massacre\". Great
production values married to a total gross-fest. Let's see (obligatory spoiler alert, of course) though there's not much
to spoil since I'm writing this now for a show that's been on six
years. Anyway, let's start. Brother and sister having sex while the
latter is married to the king, passing off their offspring as his.
Human babies being offered up to strange zombie-like creatures by a
father who marries his own daughters. A torture scene involving rats,
various body parts cut off, rape scenes, castration scenes, this is
basically Saw movie levels of entertainment. I'll give some credit for
the first season for at least being original, as well as aforementioned
high quality production values, but after that (I watched season 2 as
well on DVD, then looked up the rest via summaries on the Internet),
and the basic theme doesn't change, really. It's basically what new
kinds of shock scenes can they through at us without anything ever
being resolved. Good characters are killed (won't spoil it by saying
which ones) and the rest basically scheme and backstab each other.
Think of the worst types of office politics only played with swords and
various other medieval weapons. Bleah! You feel like you want to wash out your brains with soap after
coming into contact with this mess! 4 toilet bowls/barf bags up!
"
"751" "
Once again I am in front of the TV seeing an extremely over-hyped
series. I swore that I'd never do this mistake again after the last
flop of trying to watch \"Heroes\" and drawing the correct conclusion
that everything that is too hyped is bad.This time the hype was overwhelming! I decided (against my gut feeling)
that I try and watch whole season and continue to watch no matter what,
because otherwise people would just make the CLASSICAL argument that
\"You can't know if it's bad if you've only seen a few episodes\".Actually, in fact, a very important point here is that actually all you
ever need to see in order to judge is the first episode of a series,
the so called \"pilot episode\". Producers know that the first impression
is important and so the pilot is the most expensive episode of all. If
the pilot is bad, the series is bad.Nonetheless, I watched the whole first series. Game of Thrones is not
good, it is just hyped.The acting, music and graphics is not bad, but the story is. It is
boring to watch. Episodes end with cliff hangers that promise that
something exciting is going to happen in the next episode. But nothing
exciting ever happens and you feel tricked.Never again will I let my mind be hijacked by group mentality and hype.
"
"752" "
As a life-long fan of the Dungeons & Dragons roleplaying game, it is a
hard thing to not be familiar with the \"Game of Thrones\" series. And
yet it took me five years after the pilot to start watching it. But it
should be said, then, that I haven't been able to stop watching it
since I started, and I have sat through four of the seasons so far in a
very short time.What works for me in \"Game of Thrones\" is the extensive storyline, with
multiple houses working against one another or with one another all in
order to obtain power, wealth and the crown to the realm. But also the
myriad of intricate and detailed characters that are in the series,
that is just spectacular. Especially because anyone of these characters
can die on a whim, so you never know who is safe.The costumes are sets are fantastic, especially because there is so
much attention to detail, both mundane and flashy. And it really works
out so well, because you really think that you are in a medieval
fantasy setting with dragons and knights. And also the special effects
play a big role in the series, although not the point where the show is
dependent on the special effects. Of course, having good CGI is
particularly important if the dragons were to be realistic and
believable.I like the politics and the alliances and feuds between the different
houses and affiliations, because it is played out so well, and it is
really well thought through by the creator.One thing that really is a thorn in my side if the excessive amount of
nudity in the show, because it really sleazes up the series
unnecessarily. The show would work out equally well with much less
nudity and done in a more presentable way. But also the constant
excessive use of foul language; here I am thinking of the \"F-word\" and
the \"C-word\" that most of the characters are using frequently. It
really seems out of place with the setting and atmosphere of the
series, plus is also adds a wholly unnecessary level of unpleasantness.
I am not a prude, but I think it is so frequent in the series that it
is a downright annoyance.You quickly find your favorite character or characters in the myriad of
colorful, quirky, scheming, bold, defiant and lovable characters. And
likewise, you also quickly find ones that you most definitely do not
like or even downright loathe. For me, the King Joffrey character was
one that I instantly despised, he really pulled every wrong string in
my being. Nothing against Jack Gleeson as an actor, it was just the
character that he portrayed. And as such, when a series manages to
instill such a relationship between the viewer and fictional
characters, then the series is really worth watching, appealing to you
on more than just an entertainment level.The slow build up of various events, and how the events have effects on
the various houses and factions like ripples in a pond, really add
enjoyment to the show. And you want to see more and learn what will
happen next and see how the epic tale unfolds. Who will live and who
will die? Who will stand victorious when the dust settles?\"Game of Thrones\" is really worth watch, especially if you enjoy the
fantasy genre. I am rating it a solid eight out of ten stars, and the
reason for it not scoring nine or even ten stars from me is solely
because of the unnecessary nudity and foul language.
"
"753" "
This is a good show that potentially could be better, however what so
many TV shows seems to lack is new faces. I suggest, from having
watched most of his movies that you bring one of the CSI supporting
cast Tino Struckmann with you on this new endeavor and give him a
bigger part. we need new faces just like his. he can act and does not
look like all the other boring actors and he have chops. I know most
series casting or execs do not read reviews but as a fan and somebody
in the industry I wanted to open the door for new talent deserving of
your attention. A veteran who does his own stunts, knows hos to hold a
gun, he started on E-ring and lead a bunch of Indie movies but it is
time he gets a break. He became known for his book on women's safety
and have his heart in the right place. He in originally European and
know how to swing a sword.
"
"754" "
The series is now on the 6th season. This is the first time the readers
are at a loss at what will happen next as the book series ended at
about the same point as the HBO 5th season left everyone. This is the
first time that HBO is coming up with all of their material as original
work with some help from George R.R. Martin, himself. So this is the
really the first time we actually see the creators of the HBO show
stand alone in creativity with nothing to really go off of... and they
are doing an AMAZING job! I think fans were skeptical at the split. Many figured that the
successful books were part of the reason the show was so good, but this
season is easily proving all of that wrong. The twists and turns so far
are exhilarating and seem to kind of follow the fans' inspired
theories. (No spoilers!) The acting is still incredible and watching the series is like stepping
into a whole other world. HBO did a great job in its casting and the
scenery is always gorgeous. I am personally looking forward to
everything having to do with Bran. But all of the characters and their
own sets of drama are what keeps me watching religiously every Sunday
at 8:00pm.
"
"755" "Add another review"